In Shikkearu Kingdom, Perona reads a newspaper about Moria and is upset Mihawk didnt tell her. She almost leaves immediately to find him, as Mihawk wishes her safe travels as she tearfully thanks him for letting her stay with him. Mihawk then says that it is probably a good time for her to leave as some interesting topic was brought up at the Levely. Meanwhile, in New World on the Pirate Island - Beehive, Gecko Moria and his zombies are raiding the island and demands for Blackbeard. He is there to find Absalom who landed at the island a few days ago. Avalo Pizarro is notified of Morias attack by some underlings. Suddenly Absalom shouts to Moria that this island is a paradise and that he forgot to report back to Moria. Moria is relieved that Absalom is safe, and says that he was worried because the Blackbeard Pirates are known to be "Ability User Hunters". All of a sudden, he is sliced from behind by someone. It is revealed to be an invisible Shiryu and Moria is surprised that he used Absaloms powers. Suddenly Absalom starts laughing and it is revealed to be actually Catarina Devon who was disguised as Absalom using her Devil Fruit powers. A horrified Moria asks her what they have done to Absalom and she replies that he is dead and his corpse is still with them and mockingly asks if Moria wants it back. Suddenly, Blackbeards voice is heard from a loudspeaker as he summons an earthquake. Moria demands that he show himself, to which Blackbeard says that his island is a paradise for pirates. He asks Moria if he likes parties and asks him to sail under his flag. He then goes on to reveal the news from the mornings newspaper. On the fourth day of the Levely, Sabo and his group clashed with Marine Admirals Fujitora and Ryokugyu in order to take back their old ally, Kuma. Other news include Luffy and the rookies exploits in Wano Country and Big Moms pursuit of them. He says that the bloody fight between the powerful has started for the throne and laughs. As the second act in Wano Country begins, Ashura Doji and Inuarashi are clashing in the Kuri regions Mt. Mt. Atama while Kinemon, Kiku, Shishilian, and some Mt. Atama thieves are onlooking. Kinemon asks them both to stop the fighting. In Amigasa Village, Tenguyama thanks Chopper, Miyagi, and Tristan for saving and treating Tamas wounds. Tama says that Umami fought Kaidou for her sake and that she is more worried about Luffy. Chopper reassures her that Luffys spirit will not be broken and reveals that Raizo has promised to break Luffy out of the prison.  Back at Mt. Atama, Kiku reprimands Shutenmaru for fighting Inuarashi, who replies that it has been like that since the beginning. He says he had always admired and followed Kozuki Oden and reminds them that his loyalty does not extend towards the Kozuki Family. Carrot is surprised that he was an even match for Inuarashi. Kinemon says that he will make Shutenmaru his ally. Shutenmaru wishes him luck and says that no one is happy that the Kozuki Familys samurai have appeared again and that the 20 year blank that they left will never be filled. At Onigashima, Jack is being scolded by someone because the offerings from Kuri have been decreasing lately. It is revealed that the one scolding Jack are none other than the All-Stars and remaining two Disasters of the Beasts Pirates, King the Wildfire and Queen the Plague. King says that they only need one useless guy which is Queen who quickly replies that King is the useless guy. Jack apologizes to them both and King asks Queen how long he is gonna take to break the spirits of those imprisoned brats and Queen calls King a torture-loving pervert and tells him to shut up.  