On the sea bordering Wano Country, the Big Mom Pirates sail on the Queen Mama Chanter and discuss their course of action. Perospero notes that Big Moms Vivre Card indicates that she is still alive, and the crew speculates that Kaidou and his crew may have taken her captive. However, Smoothie interjects against her siblings discussion of their mothers possible death, saying the logic of this situation would be unlikely to apply to her. In Amigasa Village, Hitetsu contacts Tama and finds out about her group taking Big Mom to Udon. He tells her to return immediately, panicking due to being responsible for Momonosuke and not trusting the young Tama to protect him. Even after learning that Kiku is accompanying Tama and Momonosuke, Hitetsu does not sway, but Tamas group then cuts contact with him. The group rides on a crocodile-shark creature through Kuris wastelands, and Kiku faintly recalls hearing Big Moms name before, but Chopper immediately dismiss it, and he notices that Big Moms hat has not said a word since Big Mom arrived here. Big Mom asks if Udon is close by, being hungry for more food, but Kiku reveals that they still have a ways to go, guiding her through a map of Wano. Momonosuke practices his swordsmanship to prepare for the final battle, and he yells the word "Sunacchi" which he tells Kiku he learned from Zoro. However, Kiku tells him never to say that again, revealing it was once part of Kuri residents dialect in older times and it was not fit for someone of Momonosukes status. At the Northern Cemetery in the region of Ringo, Nami, Robin, Brook, Shinobu, and Kanjuro sit in a house after escaping from the Flower Capital. Nami expresses her shock at Kyoshiro striking down Komurasaki, and Kanjuro states that he does not recognize Kyoshiro, as Wanos biggest yakuza boss 20 years ago was a man named Hyogoro of the Flower. Robin hopes that Toko will be safe after they dropped her off at the Red-Light District, and Nami says they could check on her on their way to the bathhouse later. Robin expresses disappointment at how little she found out from Orochis circle, although it turns out that she found out a lot, and Brook then reveals that he discovered a Poneglyph in the basement of Orochi Castle. He says that the room containing it also had many figurines, which Shinobu identifies as kokeshi dolls, and Robin notes that Kaidous Road Poneglyph must be on Onigashima as the group prepares to head to the bathhouses. In the Flower Capital, the citizens are shocked and mournful after hearing about Komurasakis death, including Sanji. Franky and Usopp are worried about what happened to Robins group, but find that they can contact them using Wanos equivalent of the Den Den Mushi, the Smart Tanishi. Sanji then asks Law if Luffy is in the news, and Law does not find any mention of him, but does see that Kid has apparently escaped from Udons prison. At the Prisoner Mines, the guards announce Kids escape, and one of them, Alpacaman, presses on Luffy due to being suspicious that he helped Kid. Right as this happens, Grandpa Hyo is being attacked by one of the guards, who knows that he could not have earned all the meal tickets he used. However, despite taking several blows, Hyo refuses to give up his kibi dango and let it go to waste. As the guard picks him up, Hyo refuses to reveal who gave him his food, revealing that he is Hyogoro and that his benefactors actions reminded him of the old days when noble men lived in Wano, and he is now willing to die with this fulfillment. However, Luffy then races toward Hyogoro and the guard and moves to attack the guard despite the prisoners pleas, and as this happens, Queen arrives at the Prisoner Mines, commenting that it is rather noisy inside.  