The Flower Capital is sent into an uproar as the citizens hear news that Kuri is plagued with a forest fire and that Ushimitsu Kozo has been captured. In Orochi Castle, Fukurokuju requests to talk with Orochi about Ushimitsu Kozo, saying his identity is quite important. An angry Orochi bursts through the wall in tears, not in the mood to listen to anything due to mourning over Komurasaki. Fukurokuju states that Kyoshiro made the right decision to kill her, as it protected the shoguns honor, and he proceeds to talk about Ushimitsu Kozo, who is being held in the Rasetsu Districts prison. He reveals the thiefs true identity, and Orochi is shocked to learn that he is still alive. Orochi declares that they will make an example out of him by broadcasting his execution, and Kyoshiro reveals that the broadcast equipment is already set up for Komurasakis funeral. Orochi looks forward to making Ushimitsu Kozo the offering to Komurasakis grave, and prepares to head out to see the event in person. In the Prisoner Mines, Kaidou contacts Queen to reveal to him that Komurasaki has died, and the recently awoken Queen is utterly distraught to hear the news. Kaidou tells Queen to use the Filming Pond Tanishi to see for himself, and as Queen has that activated, Luffy calls out to him, ready to resume fighting. Queen is shocked to see Luffy and Hyogoro looking much bigger since last night, and in the shadows, Raizo and Caribou note that the two of them were obviously going to stand out after eating that much food. Queens subordinates wonder if they should tell him that all of his o-shiruko disappeared last night, but decide not to with Queen already highly emotional from Komurasakis death. The Filming Pond Tanishi is then activated. At Mt. Atama in Kuri, the Mt. Atama Thieves are unable to put out the massive forest fire and so are forced to flee. One of them catches and subdues one of Holedems subordinates, who is pinned for starting the fire, and Shutenmaru goes to beat Holedem despite such an action being bound to stir Kaidous wrath. In an abandoned village in Kuri, Inuarashi reports to Kinemon that Ashura Doji is on his way to Bakura Town, and Kinemon prepares to head out immediately. He does not mind the scale of the fire so long as it keeps Ashura in the spotlight, as they needed to get him to make a move to aid in their effort of returning him to their cause. In Bakura Town, Holedem prepares to watch the events in the Flower Capital as he relishes in his mistaken belief that Shutenmaru died in the forest fire. Meanwhile, Brook enters the house in the Northern Cemetery, and is shocked to see people inside, not noticing Zoro among them at first. When he notices Zoro, he is shocked as Hiyori is laying on his chest. Brook learns who Hiyori is, and she realizes that he is the reason that residents leave offerings in front of the well. Brook then tells them about the upcoming funeral for Komurasaki as well as the impending execution of Ushimitsu Kozo, who is actually Tonoyasu. Zoro and Toko are shocked to hear this, with Toko revealing that he is her father and immediately races off to go rescue him despite Hiyoris pleas. Hiyori goes after her to protect her, causing Zoro to follow them given their struggle to survive the previous day, and Brook accompanies them as well. In the Flower Capital, the distraught citizens weep as Komurasakis casket is brought down the road, although it is being taken to the Rasetsu District for her to be cremated as a criminal. In Ebisu Town, the residents watch Tonoyasus crucifixion from a Filming Pond Tanishi, while Kanjuro and Shinobu finally recognize him as Yasuie, the former daimyo of Hakumai who had served under the Kozuki Family. The Flower Capital citizens gather around Yasuie and plead for his release, and Yasu is happy to see he has not been forgotten. He prepares to apologize for two things, as well as say something to Orochi, before he dies.  