Immediately after slamming his head into the ground, Big Mom picks Queen up by the neck and swings him around, yelling at him to give her his o-shiruko. She then hurls Queen into a wall with monstrous force, and Queen crashes into the contraption holding Kid and Killer in the process, knocking them out of the water. While Luffy asks the duo if they are still alive, Queens subordinates watch in shock as Queen transforms back into a human while lying in defeat. They then notice that the door of the cell holding Kawamatsu has been broken open, and ask Babanuki what they should do. Babanuki tells them to not provoke Big Mom until they receive orders from Kaidou, but his men reveal that their Smart Tanishis are not working. In the Executive Tower, Raizo remarks that their plan is going smoothly thanks to the commotion outside and recollects the plan that Caribou hatched. Earlier, Caribou had revealed that due to the Smart Tanishis weak signal, its transmissions had to go through a Boss Tanishi to transmit to other locations. Thus, they could prevent the Beasts Pirates communications from reaching out of Udon by taking out the Boss Tanishi, and he knew where it was after having been in the prison for a while. With Caribou having successfully smothered the Boss Tanishi, Raizo sets his sights on freeing Kawamatsu. Back outside, Big Mom finds Queens pot of o-shiruko, and is entranced by its fragrance. The Beasts Pirates silently worry over what will happen to them when she discovers that it is empty, and start running away after she opens it. Big Mom falls into a silent depression when she sees the lack of shiruko, and Luffy sympathizes with her by inadvertently thinking out loud, as he would have liked to eat more of it as well. This causes Big Mom to realize he ate it, and she attacks him in a fit of rage. Luffy tries to get her to stop before she knocks him and Hyogoro out of the ring, and he attributes Big Mom not recognizing him to him wearing a kimono. Luffy and Hyogoro are forced to the edge of the ring, with another attack from Big Mom guaranteed to set their collars off. Some of the Beasts Pirates offer to help Big Mom kill the duo if she spares their lives in return, but Big Mom throws a rock at them, angrily saying that she dearly wanted the o-shiruko in order to share it with the Okobore Town citizens. Enraged at Luffy for preventing her from doing this, she attacks him and Hyogoro, sending them flying out of the ring. Intent on not letting Hyogoro die, Luffy manages to rip off their collars in the heat of the moment before they explode. Babanuki and Daifugo are left shocked as Luffy and Hyo land on the ground safely, and Luffy immediately sets off to escape, but Hyo stops him. Saying that Luffy could only progress his power when backed into a corner, he tells the pirate to protect him from Big Mom, putting his life at stake in Luffys training to advance his Haki.  