The Beasts Pirates in the Prisoner Mine attack Luffy, Chopper, Hyogoro, Raizo, Kikunojo, and Kawamatsu, but are unable to hit them with any Excite Bullets. However, Daifugo tells them that it does not matter where they shoot, as he instead shoots at the prisoners. Luffys group easily overwhelms the Beasts Pirates, and Raizo tosses Kid and Killer the ring of keys to hopefully free them from their handcuffs. The guards continue shooting the prisoners with the Excite Bullets, which causes a fever and painful hemorrhaging to spread throughout their body. The prisoners end up transmitting the virus to others through physical contact, and Daifugo reveals that the virus is named Mummy. Luffys group finds themselves surrounded by several infected prisoners, who continue going after them on Babanukis command to avoid being labeled as traitors. The prisoners tell Luffys group to leave, saying that they have no chance of defeating Kaidou and pointing out the immense suffering caused by one of Queens viruses alone. They say that they would never have had to go through this if Luffys group did not rise up. However, Luffy then wraps his arms around the group of infected prisoners, shocking everyone. As Mummy is transmitted to him, Luffy claims that it has no effect at all. He then points out that the prisoners were not living normal lives, but were simply slaves working for kibi dango. He says that even though he is an outsider, he made a promise to Tama to make Wano Country into a prosperous place where no one would grow hungry again. If he did not do this, then Wano would remain in its current condition. Since Oden is dead, Luffys movement is all the hope that Wano has left. He then tells the prisoners to make up their mind to either join his side or Kaidous. Hyogoro is greatly impressed with Luffys leadership, and to deal with the crowd all at once, Babanuki brings out an Excite Shell, a piece of ammo with 200 times as much virus as an Excite Bullet, and prepares to fire it with his elephants trunk. Kawamatsu and the Beasts Pirates notice what he is doing, but right as the elephant is about to sneeze, Luffy ties up its trunk, having seen a dangerous future. The elephant then sneezes, engulfing Babanuki in the Excite Shells explosion. As Babanuki falls to the ground, Luffy tells the prisoners he will leave the rest to them as he points to Daifugo. Daifugo desperately tries bringing up the consequences of going against a warden, but the prisoners disregard that as they are now rebelling. They proceed to overwhelm Daifugo, and with eight days to go before the final battle, Luffys group has successfully conquered Udon without any outside enemies finding out.  