As the Roger Pirates were leaving Skypiea, Kozuki Oden lifted his son above his head, allowing him to see the horizon, and told him that this is just a small part of the vast world outside Wano Country. During their travels, Oden started teaching Momonosuke various things, much to the surprise of the rest of the crew regarding the subjects he is teaching his young boy. After Oden returned from his travels, Oden spent time with his family, told his retainers about Zou, and listened to his daughter music. As the Scabbards ran from the Beasts Pirates, Shinobu brought the samurai their weapons, allowing them to cut through the enemy. Shinobu then asked if she could became one of the family retainers, to which Kinemon replied that none of them asked to become one, so it is up to her to decide, which she tearfully accepted. At the back of the group, Inuarashi and Nekomamushi started to argue, blaming the other for being Kaidous spy, which ended with them being caught by one of the Numbers. Denjiro and Ashura Doji stayed back to help them, while the rest head forward to Kuri. At Oden Castle, The Beasts Pirates surrounded the place, as a fire was set below it. Inside, Kozuki Toki held her children as the pirate broke in. After knocking her out, Kaidou held Momonosuke by the throat on the roof, planning to kill him to end the Kozuki lineage. Momonosuke replied that he will succeed his father, as a great warrior. Kaidou then tossed Momonosuke inside the burning castle as he flowed away. The Scabbards then crushed in, and Toki called them forward to instruct them about the plan. After Kinemon group was sent away, and Kawamatsu escaped with Hiyori, Toki rode to Bakura Town, to deliver her prophecy, as she recalled her life with Oden, before collapsing from her wounds. Fearful of the prophecy, Orochi could not stop shivering. Meanwhile, Ashura, Kawamatsu, and Denjiro prepare themselves for the 20 years to come. Sometime later, Denjiros grief and anger, transformed him, making his appearance unrecognizable. Denjiro then headed to the Flower Capital, where he introduced himself as "Kyoshiro", and gathered new followers. With his new reputation, Kyoshiro met with Orochi, and began serving him as the Yakuza boss, taking Hyogoros position. At the same time, the citizens of the capital began noticing Kyoshiro tired appearance, calling him "Dozing", unbeknownst to them that the reason for this was Denjiro spent his nights stealing money as the "Ushimitsu Kozo". Thirteen years ago, after Hiyori left Kawamatsu, she was found and brought to Kyoshiro, who recognized her and brought her in. After identifying himself, Denjiro swore to protect Hiyori in Kawamatsu place, and trained her to become "Komurasaki", hiding until the day of the battle foretold by Toki.  