Luffy continues to watch as the Beasts Pirates mock the oshiruko after they spilled it, and unleashes a Gomu Gomu no Elephant Gun on the Pirates while angrily asking why they get to be surrounded by so much food when Tama cannot even get a bite to eat herself. The commotion Luffy causes is noticed by several people, including Queen and Eustass Kid. As Kid ponders what Luffy is doing, he decides to leave him to his devices so he can get to the banquet hall easily. All of a sudden, he sees a tower get cut in half by Roronoa Zoro, who heard the noise and ran over to see what was going on. Zoro calls Luffy out for ruining their plans by starting a commotion this early on (with Kid retorting he is causing one himself). Luffy explains to Zoro that they spilled a pot of oshiruko, which reminds Zoro too of Tama and he agrees to help him cut them down. Kid, on the other hand, does not understand why the two of them are so sensitive about oshiruko. As the Beasts Pirates observe Luffy and Zoro continuing to argue about giving themselves away, Scratchmen Apoo immediately recognizes them and wonders why Luffy is on Onigashima when he thought he was in Udon. The Beasts Pirates charge at Luffy and Zoro as they now seemed suspicious and the two of them make a run for it. Apoo contacts Queen and informs him that Luffy and Zoro were on Onigashima. Though Queen thinks back to Babanukis report that everything is fine, he announces to his subordinates that he plans on eliminating a member of the Tobiroppo, which will leave a seat open for the taking. Several members of the Beasts Pirates get excited at the thought of joining the group. Luffy and Zoro continue to fight several Gifters in order to reach Kaidous castle, but Luffy is attacked by Apoos Tatakau Music. Zoro recognizes Apoo as Kids former ally and Luffy questions how Apoo was able to hit him. He uses it again and cuts Zoro across his chest, which confuses Zoro as he did not see anything cut him. Apoo then unleashes an explosion on Luffy which knocks him out, as Queen says that this is supposed to be a good show. Zoro grabs Luffy and runs with him away, as he says to himself that they cannot be taking damage this early and they need to be at full strength before confronting Kaidou. Luffy wakes up and helps Zoro fight off the other Gifters. Just as Apoo prepares another attack, Kid crushes him with his Punk Gibson despite Killer warning it will blow their cover, as Kid wanted revenge on Apoo for betraying him.  