Charlotte Perospero has reached Big Mom, who affirms that she is indeed in an alliance with Kaidou, revealing that the alliance was her idea. Perospero reminds Big Mom that their crew seeks to make her the Pirate King, but she replies that she knows and asks if her children do not trust her. This seems to assuage Perospero, and he drops the issue. Marco then speaks, noting that the alliance between him and Perospero to take down Kaidou is no more. Big Mom chides Marco for joining the alliance against Kaidou, saying that the remnants of the Whitebeard Pirates had lost their way. However, Marco responds that they were no longer bound to Whitebeards will now that he was dead, and Big Mom understands this and accepts Marcos decision. Meanwhile, Wanda chases after Carrot asking her where she is going, and Carrot reveals that she is going toward Perospero to avenge Pedros death. Elsewhere, Luffy resumes heading toward the dome roof while the samurai clear the way for him, and Yamato continues chasing after Shinobu and Momonosuke. Meanwhile, Black Maria and some of her crewmates have hid out in the Tatami Room away from the fighting, and they ask Maria to play a song for them. As Black Maria strums up her shamisen and begins to tell a tale, the Red Scabbards charge toward Kaidou on the dome roof. Kaidou gives a mighty roar, which summons small bolts of lightning that crack the ground underneath the samurai. Nekomamushi scratches Kaidous head area with his claws, while Kawamatsu performs a circular sword strike around Kaidous head. To the shock of Kaidous subordinates, both attacks manage to wound him, though Kaidou is able to knock Kawamatsu into a rock with his foreleg. Inuarashi stabs Kaidou with his prosthetic sword leg, while Kikunojo and Izou respectively strike the Emperor with flying slashes and bullets. Kaidou wonders in bewilderment how the Scabbards are able to hurt him, as none of their attacks resembled Odens. Kaidou readies another Bolo Breath attack against the samurai, but Raizo then summons a giant scroll which intercepts the fire blast and absorbs all of it. Saying his scrolls can wrap around anything in existence, Raizo has the scroll wrap around Kaidous entire dragon body before releasing the fire from it. Kaidou wails in pain as the fire engulfs him, but emerges without any visible damage. Kinemon then remembers a time when Oden offered to teach the Scabbards his Oden Nitoryu fighting style, but they declined. Oden later wondered why they would not learn his great style, and Toki replied that if they had, they would have fought amongst each other over who would be Odens top disciple since they all loved him so much. In the present day, Kinemon, Denjiro, Ashura Doji, and Inuarashi each pull out two swords and stand in a stance resembling Odens. Kaidou derides their imitation of Oden as cheap as he prepares another Bolo Breath, but the four samurai then leap toward him and simultaneously cut him in the place where Oden scarred him 20 years ago.  