Finally reaching the fifth floor, Luffy comes across the Inuarashi Musketeer Squad, who have cleared the way to the roof and ask him to continue onwards. Luffy thanks Shishilian and makes his way to the roof, while also telling all of them that he remembers how they defended Raizo with their lives, which causes Shishilian to tear up. On the Live Floor, Marco uses his flames to hold Queen (who is shown to have a mechanical elongated neck) and King back while he throws Zoro up to the roof, much to his chagrin though. In the storage room, Yamato returns Odens journal to Momonosuke, revealing he had believed he had died twenty years ago and he never expected a day he could meet him. Yamato also reveals he found the journal near the river at the foot of Odens Castle that day long ago and says that someone must have protected it, since it has written about his life and time traveling the world. Yamato asks if Momonosuke was born on Whitebeards ship and he even sailed on Rogers ship and explains that Oden and the Roger Pirates predicted that a little over twenty years in the future, a new generation of pirates would advance to the New World, and he believe they were talking about this very moment. Yamato also revealed that he thought Ace would have led the charge but after his death he recalled something. In the past, Ace accidentally told Yamato about Luffy and his dream before demanding he never laugh at him. He declares he wont allow anyone to mock his dreams because he and Sabo believed in him. Before he can finish, Yamato starts tearing up and declares he would never laugh at him, because those were the same words that dumbfounded Oden. Ace is intrigued by who said that and offers to drink with that person and Luffy someday, only for Yamato to reveal that person was dead, which annoys him. Afterwards Yamato gives Ace his Vivre Card, who explains to him how it functions and asks to meet him again someday, which he agrees to. In the present, Yamato reveals that Aces Vivre Card disappeared without a trace one day, which made him realize he was dead, and the newspaper the next day revealed everything, such as Ace being Rogers son and that Luffy was already making a name for himself. Yamato explains that Momonosuke brought that very same person to Wano, as if Oden documented the future, and how a group of powerful pirates would shoulder the burden of the next era and go to the New World, and by chance he died, they would defeat Kaidou in his stead. Speaking of, Luffy and Zoro reach the roof of the Skull Dome along with Eustass Kid, Killer, and Law where they confront Kaidou and Big Mom awaiting them. Luffy notices something and starts walking toward the two as Kaidou tells Big Mom what Luffy told him previously. Big Mom also adds how he talked back at her and how he destroyed her castle, so she wants an apology. To their surprise though, Luffy ignores them and walks past them over to the Nine Red Scabbards and Izou, who were defeated and left beaten on the floor. Kaidou turns to look at Luffy and demands he say what he said to them previously to their faces. Luffy, however, continues to ignore them and apologize to Kinemon for arriving late. He looks at the injured samurai as Kinemon distraughtly says that he cant leave things as they are, or he will never be able to face Oden in the afterlife. He asks Luffy to shoulder their burden and save Wano, who agrees citing that it is the land of his friends. An annoyed Kaidou proceeds to raise his club to strike Luffy, who asks Law to move everyone away with his Devil Fruit powers, which he does so. He then jumps high into the air dodging Kaidous strike as he goes into Gear 3. As he does so, he thinks back to when the Mink Tribe revealed that Raizo was safe and that they would never sell out their allies, Momonosukes tears as he yelled he wanted to take down Kaidou, Kinemon revealing he had traveled through time, Yasuies execution, Hyogoros tears of joy, and Kinemon revealing the details of Odens death. He then proceeds to strike Kaidou with a new attack called Gomu Gomu no Red Roc, slamming him into the ground and actually causing him to bleed. Big Mom is left in disbelief at the sight of Kaidou getting knocked down as Luffy introduces himself as the one who will surpass the two of them and become the Pirate King.  