Big Mom yells at Luffy for his declaration, saying he doesnt know what it means to be Pirate King as Kaidou gets back up, realizing that Luffys attack, actually did hurt him. Zoro and Kid are surprised to see his punch work and Killer says that they might actually have a fighting chance. Kaidou, however, wonders what happened after he defeated him back in Kuri since he only knows a few people capable of fighting him. In that moment, he sees the shadows of Oden, Whitebeard, Shanks, Roger, and Rocks behind Luffy, and he gives a smirk. Luffy uses his Kenbunshoku Haki to foresee Kaidous Raimei Hakke, but it moves too fast and Luffy still ends up getting hit, though he is able to stand this time, which Kaidou admires. Big Mom tries to use Prometheus to attack Luffy, but Zoro ends up using Kinemons Foxfire Style to cut Prometheus in half, which causes the homie immense pain. As Prometheus reforges, Zoro reminds Luffy that they are fighting two Emperors of the Sea, so they cant afford to drop their guards. Before Kaidou can strike Luffy again, Law uses Shambles to save him, bringing him closer to him. Afterwards, Law yells to Luffy that he had already planned on using his powers to move the samurai below, but when Luffy told him to do it, it made it look like he was following his orders, but Luffy retorts that it doesnt matter. Kid takes the opportunity to mock Law calling him Luffys subordinate, which he vehemently denies, but he calls them both losers which annoys the both of them. Big Mom has Prometheus fire three balls of fire which she calls "Heavenly Bon-Bons". As the fireballs got closer, Luffy says that whoever reacts to the fireballs first is a loser. Law and Kid refuse to play that game, which causes Luffy to call them losers. This causes all three of them to take the fireballs head on and get struck, much to Zoros annoyance. Kaidou demands Big Mom stay back while he sees their strength, as Zoro tells Killer not to get in his way, calling him "Kamazo" due to recognizing his laughter. Killer retorts that if was using his "Punishers" back then, he would have beaten Zoro, but he doesnt believe him. They both attack Kaidou, who praises them for their strength, though Zoro realizes he needs to release more of Enmas power. Luffy, Law, and Kid get back up as Luffy goes into Gear Fourth, Kid creates a huge suit of metal with Punk Rotten, and Law prepares a Room. Kaidou laughs and calls the three of them monsters in their own right, as Luffy punches Kaidou with Gomu Gomu no Kong Gun, and Kaidou gets crushed by Kids Punk Vise, and gets several rocks dropped on him by Laws Tact. After a brief moment, Kaidou emerges from the rubble in his dragon form and joins Big Mom in the air riding Zeus and Prometheus covering Napoleon. Kaidou tells the  five pirates that it would be a shame for him to kill all of them but he has no choice. He and Big Mom also plan on taking their crew, treasure, and Poneglyphs, and that whoever wins this battle will become one step closer to becoming the Pirate King.  