Kaidou uses Kaifu to unleash several wind blades on the Worst Generation, but Law uses his powers to avoid them. Killer also jumps out of the way while Kid gets struck, but despite Killers worry, Kid tells him he is okay since the golem is made out of junk that he can reattach. Zoro deflects the wind blade while Luffy dodges them, getting close to Kaidou and striking him with Gomu Gomu no Kong Rifle, which injures him. Kid moves underneath Kaidou and grabs his head with his robot, slamming him into the roof with Slam Gibson, which also causes him pain. Law maneuvers around Kaidou with his powers before stabbing him with Gamma Knife, saying that while he has never seen the insides of a dragon before, he assumes his heart was where he stabbed. The attack also damages Kaidou. Kaidou shakes them off and admits they learned how tough his defense is, acknowledging them as more than just mindless fools relying on guts. Killer starts running along Kaidous body, saying that he just needs to cut past his scales to the inside, then uses Kamaa Sonic to damage him from the inside. However, Killer gets struck by Big Moms Indra, declaring that as long as they are under the open sky, no one will escape from her. Kaidou admits the Worst Generation is vexing, but before he can chomp on Killer, Luffy strikes him with Gomu Gomu no Rhino Schneider. Kaidou prepares to use Bolo Breath again but Zoro tells Law to move him into the air, which he does reluctantly. He cuts the fire with Homura Saki to protect Luffy while using Hiryu: Kaen on Kaidou. Big Mom warns Kaidou to dodge because the sword Zoro was using is no ordinary sword. Unfortunately, Zoro missed his attack and ended up cutting off one of the horns of the Skull Dome, while Kaidou tries to figure out why Odens presence can be felt in that sword. Zoro gets struck by Big Moms God of Lightning: Tenjin while the others try to block it. Luffy gets struck as well, but comes out of it unscathed, much to Big Moms confusion. Luffy yells to Big Mom that he is rubber, so her lightning will not work on him. He tells her that she will pay for striking everyone the way she did, but Luffy gets hit by Kaidous Bolo Breath. To Kaidous equal surprise, Luffy came out unscathed as well, claiming that it was his guts that protected him. He then strikes Kaidou with Gomu Gomu no Kong Gatling.  