On Onigashima, the Shinuchi Speed delivers a bag full of Kibi Dango to several Gifters, telling them that they were made with Queens special tonics and will boost their bodys natural healing process. Some were unsure if they would work, but Briscola, who ate one, says that they are. She tells the Gifters that there are enough for all of them and they have a muscle-boosting effect, which makes them even more excited. Speed then recalled how Tama told her that she wanted her help to take her to Onigashima since no one else would take her with them. As they were making their way to the island, Tama made several Kibi Dango despite tiring herself out. Speed told her to stop but Tama continued to make them, saying that each one would create a new ally. She also told her that she wanted to see a Wano without Kaidou and Orochi and one with Momonosuke as the shogun so she would never go hungry again. Speed agreed to fight for her, along with Gazelleman and Daifugo, who Tama had also tamed. They decided to hide in wait until the right moment. In the present, Gazelleman and Daifugo proceed to distribute Kibi Dango to various Gifters. Some of the prisoners of Udon spot Daifugo and try to attack him, but Daifugo tells them that that is all water under the bridge. He then proceeds to shove the dango in the mouths of Gifters and Shinuchi, such as Mizerka and Poker, declaring that they will all serve their new master. In the right-brain tower of the Skull Dome, Franky uses General Left on Sasaki, but he brushes them off as he tries to ram into Franky. Thankfully Franky stops him by grabbing him by the horn and flinging him on to his back. Before he can attack again, he gets pinned down by Sasakis Armored Corps, leaving him open to be rammed by Sasaki. Franky then hears Usopp, Nami, and Tama calling to him. Just as he is about to ask them for assistance, they beg him for help instead. He sees that they are being chased by an army of Gifters as Sasaki orders them to block their way before declaring that their side has the advantage in numbers. Tama, however, announces that she is here to turn that around as Nami and Usopp drop the act and stick their tongues out at him. Tama yells for the Gifters to help Franky which they agree to, and in the confusion the Armored Corps lose their grip on Franky, allowing him to dodge Sasakis attack. Sasaki asks what is going on, and Page One and Ulti, who caught up to the Straw Hats, tell Sasaki that the Gifters and Shinuchi have turned on them and to take them out. He asks if they have turned traitor but Ulti deduces that it is the work of a Devil Fruit. She jumps into the air and tells Nami that she must want her to bash her skull in. Nami, however, uses her Thunder Lance Tempo to deal a blow on Ulti, much to Page Ones horror. Nami does know that a lightning attack of that power will not be enough to defeat her, stating that she needs something even more powerful. Usopp uses his sniping skills to launch Kibi Dan-boshi into the mouths of the Armored Corp, turning them over to their side. Sasaki demands they get back but Franky kicks him in the face before slashing him with his Shori no V-Flash and wounding him. In the Banquet Hall, Black Maria has Sanji tied up in her webs, revealing that he defeated all of her male subordinates but never hurt her female subordinates, reasoning that as the reason he lost to her. She then demands he call for Nico Robin, telling him to speak to one of her subordinates to echo his voice throughout the castle and in return, she will release him. Sanji asks her what she wants with Robin, and Black Maria answers that they will capture her, mutilate her to incapacitate her, and once they are finally finished with her, they will kill her. Sanji tells Black Maria to not underestimate Robin. On the Performance Floor, Bao Huang informs King that she has located the Nine Red Scabbards in the Treasure Repository. King asks if anyone else can deal with him since he himself is busy at the moment and Black Maria agrees to go since the Treasure Repository is connected to the third floor. Sanji becomes worried that the Scabbards were defeated and begs Black Maria not to kill them. Bao Huang warns Black Maria to be careful because she detects one more person in the room trying to help the group.  