In the Grand Banquet Hall, Black Maria tells Sanji that she needs to go and kill the Nine Red Scabbards and asks Caimanlady if she is ready to broadcast his voice across the island, which she confirms. Black Maria asks Sanji to call Robin, revealing she has laid multiple layers of her adhesive thread at the entrance and on the floor, so when Robin comes up to the floor, she will get trapped and riddled with tranquilizer darts. She then puts on brass knuckles and punches Sanji, once again telling him to call Robin. She continues to pummel Sanji while her subordinates watch in awe, believing that he would rather die than sell out his friend, with one saying she would fall for him if they werent on opposing sides. Sanji manages to catch a break from Black Marias beating and asks to say one thing. Her subordinates assume he plans on telling her "eat crap" and fear she will become even more upset, but to their surprise, he yells for Nico Robin to come and help him, revealing his location and that if she doesnt come, he might die. His message is heard throughout the castle with some of them thinking his call for help is pathetic. Jinbe deduces that the Beasts Pirates are after Robin for her knowledge and Sasaki mocks Sanji for his whining when he also deduces that Robin is being set up to be captured. Marco admits that the Straw Hats are fun and Nami is not surprised that Sanji was calling for help if his opponent is a woman. Usopp points to a cat with a paper with an eye on it and wonders what they are for. Black Maria is still surprised that Sanji gave in and he demands she let him loose like she said. Black Maria learns that someone is coming and she tells Sanji that she wont release him, calling her love for him personal. She then points towards a bunch of other men tied up in her webs and says that they cant live without her, which they all say. Sanji, however, yells that he wants to love all the ladies in the world, causing Black Maria to angrily tell him that she wont accept him cheating on her so she will discipline him some more. Sanji yells that he doesnt want her fist to get hurt so his Busoshoku Haki will be soft. All of a sudden, Black Maria gets slapped in the face by a Gigantesco Mano: Spank, knocking her down to the floor. Black Maria asks how Robin was able to get inside past her webs and she explains she can bloom anywhere. She also asks if Black Maria seriously thought luring her to her location would mean she would be easy to capture. She then says that she has spent a lot of time working for evil organizations, so when someone she cares for gets hurt, it pulls out the demon within her. Brook also arrives and frees Sanji with his powers as well as destroying all of her other webs. He then notices all of Black Marias subordinates and calls them monsters, which they retort that he cant say that. Sanji tells the two of them that he is going to Kinemons location because he cant see himself winning a fight with Black Maria, a statement they agree with. Black Maria refuses to let Sanji leave, but Robin asks if that is her last words. She then thanks Sanji for relying on her help, causing him to get heart shaped eyes at the complement while also tripping on the frozen floor. In the sealed storage room, Momonosuke says that he heard Sanjis voice from a mouse wearing the paper with the eye mark. Yamato reveals to him and Shinobu that the mouse is called a Mary, which are cyborgs. They wander around the island without purpose but share their eyesight with human Marys. This, however, means they know their location, and are currently outside the room. Shinobu asks where they can move Momonosuke to a place he wont be seen as Yamato tells Momonosuke to jump into his clothes. The Beasts Pirates try to bar down the door but Yamato breaks through, telling Shinobu that they need to knock out everyone or they will be seen, and Shinobu retorts that is not how that works. On the Third Floor, Jack, who has somewhat partially recovered from his injuries, tells Black Maria that he will deal with the Nine Red Scabbards himself, saying that even if they are damaged, they are still strong enough to defeat a Tobiroppo, so she cant get involved. Black Maria tells Jack she feels insulted but accepts his decision because that lets her take care of Robin. She takes off her kimono revealing a tattoo on her back saying "woman trouble" while wielding a large weapon with a Wanyūdō at the end. She tells Robin that at the end of the battle, she will belong to Kaidou, but Robin tells her that she would rather die.  