On the Live Floor, practically all of the Orochi Oniwabanshu and Mimawarigumi have been defeated by Hyogoro, with the Beasts Pirates admiring how powerful he actually is and Scratchmen Apoo commenting how he resists the effects of Ice Oni yet is so powerful. X Drake says that he sees why people fear Wano as Hyogoro demands Yatappe clear his mind so he can kill him. Despite crying his eyes out, Yatappe says he will strike him down as Cho watches also crying and acknowledging how much he is struggling because of how they see Hyogoro as a father. At the same time, Omasa asks Tsunagoro to strike him down out of fear of hurting his friends. The samurai plead with Chopper to finish the antidote soon because time is running out. Meanwhile, Queens subordinates ask him why they have to suffer from his virus. In response, Queen angrily transforms into his brachiosaurus form and demands they shut up, declaring Ice Oni as his masterpiece and that he made it for them in a sense. Confused, Queen elaborates reminding the Pleasures that they gambled on a chance to get powers and failed, now to him, they are nothing but dead weight good for a laugh. As for the Waiters, he tells them that no matter how long they wait, there are no more SMILEs to give them powers. Therefore, the only way any of them can be useful is by becoming Ice Oni and ultimately dying. They are shocked by this answer but Queen says that they can always find more soldiers. Broken by this answer, several Beasts Pirates start attacking friend and foe alike, with some of them declaring that they will quit the Beasts Pirates when the battle is over. The samurai pity their enemies for their cruel commanders but Queen berates the samurai for working alongside Chopper, who he says has probably already used the cure on himself and has abandoned everyone to die. The samurai deny that Chopper would do something so heinous, but Queen says that backstabbing is part of the pirate lifestyle. Eventually, Yatappe works up the nerve to strike down Hyogoro, saying he will join him soon but Hyogoro tells him to take his time. However, the strike is blocked by Chopper, who puts the antidote in Hyogoros mouth and cures him. Everyone is relieved to see Chopper as he tells Hyogoro he will be fine as Miyagi and Tristan come in and fire the Chopperphage Nebulizer at the infected, curing them of Ice Oni. Queen angrily demands what Chopper thinks he is doing and Chopper explains that since there are so many people on the floor, he knew it would be impossible for him to cure everyone individually, so he used the antibodies to craft his own virus, one that will cure everyone, and the cannon makes it easier for him to distribute. Queen is flabbergasted at how a ship doctor from nowhere could be so experienced and Chopper answers that he and his crew were scattered all over the world and they had been training for events such as this. Queen angrily asks why he bothered to cure his subordinates and Chopper says that viruses are not meant to be weaponized, as even the user will lose control. Queen refuses to be lectured by Chopper and tries to kill him, but the Pleasures use themselves as shields for him. Queen demands they get out of the way but they refuse, telling him that they would rather die on the side of their savior than the one who nearly got them killed. Marco takes this opportunity to grab Queen by the neck, giving Chopper an opening to strike. Chopper thanks Marco and takes a Rumble Ball, changing into his Monster Point form. After he does, he slaps Queen so hard he bleeds, but he also yells to everyone present that he is not a "tanuki", which they have been calling him constantly. Surprised, all his allies inwardly apologizes for their mistake. In the Right Brain Tower, Yamato and Shinobu continue moving as Yamato asks Momonosuke if he is okay. Momonosuke says that he is not because he feels disgusted with himself because everyone thinks so highly of him yet he sees himself as weak and foolish. Shinobu denies this and calls him brave, but Momonosuke refutes this claim and transforms into his dragon form at the same time, which surprises the two. In CP0s room, the leader thinks back to when Kaidou had been captured by the Marines and how Dr. Vegapunk experimented on his Lineage Factor, thus creating the Artificial Devil Fruit. The World Government wanted him to give the fruit to them, but Vegapunk considered it a failure and refused, leaving it on Punk Hazard. One of his subordinates asks why he is bringing this up now since Punk Hazard was destroyed, but the leader says that he hopes the fruit was destroyed as well despite the G-5 reporting that one facility was still operational. Down in the Treasure Repository, the Nine Red Scabbards recover but are confused as to who tended to them. Kawamatsu has an idea but dismisses it as a dream as Kinemon tells his men to get up and continue fighting. Suddenly, Kozuki Oden appears before the samurai, leaving all of them stunned.  