Big Mom cries for Zeus to save her but he cant due to being trapped in Kids box. Prometheus attempts to save her but Zoros continuous attacking prevents Prometheus from moving. Law is left in disbelief seeing Zoro still able to move after the Emperors last attack. Kaidou calls Big Mom pathetic but he charges for Zoro demanding he release Prometheus. Law, however, uses his Devil Fruit powers to switch places with him, where he then uses Injection Shot on Kaidous throat. He uses Curtain to shield himself but Kaidou blows him away while saying his powers are annoying. This does give Prometheus and Napoleon the opening needed to rush to Big Moms aid, causing Zoro to ask why he did that. Law answers that his plans arent worth one of them dying, but Kid says that they already succeeded in separating the two as both him and Killer decide to take on Big Mom themselves. Prometheus is able to catch Big Mom, who thanks him for saving her. She also wonders what happened with Zeus as Prometheus says he is always holding them back. He then asks Big Mom for a favor as Kid and Killer notice the clouds above swirling. Back on the roof, Kaidou laughs at how Luffy was glaring at him while unconscious like back in Bakura Town. He starts talking about different ways to maim him as Zoro tells Law that he has reached his limit so this next attack will be his last. He coats his swords in Busoshoku Haki and assumes his Kyutoryu form while attacking him with Ashura Bakkei: Moja no Tawamure. Kaidou clutches his chest in pain while asking Zoro if he has Haoshoku Haki. Zoro doesnt know what he is talking about as he falls down, saying that he had hoped that attack would have brought Kaidou down to the ground. Kaidou, however, tells Zoro that his attack will definitely leave a scar on him. He raises his kanabo to attack as Law tries to help him avoid it. Kaidou tells him it is too late and blows the both of them away with Raimei Hakke. After defeating the two of them, Kaidou says that if they had joined him, they could have taken over the world together. Suddenly, he hears Luffy tell him that they would never team up with him due to their friendship with the samurai. He thinks back to Hyogoros training and his advice on Haki and admits all the attacks he used on Kaidou were shallow but after being struck with his kanabo, Luffy realized the truth: Kaidou can infuse objects with Haoshoku Haki. Kaidou laughs in confirmation as he charges at Luffy, revealing that only a select few powerful individuals can pull it off as he brings his club down on Luffy. However Luffy, having worked out how to infuse Haoshoku Haki into his limbs, blocks the attack with his foot without even touching it. He then charges for Kaidou and punches him in the gut again without touching him before delivering an uppercut that sends him flying and crashing down onto his back. Law is left in disbelief that Luffy did damage without actually touching Kaidou. Luffy thanks both him and Zoro for covering him, but they can go back down to the castle. He declares that he can handle the rest and he will beat Kaidou no matter what.  