The samurai and Chopper cry in sadness and fear over the possibility that Luffy is dead, with several of them wondering if they should keep fighting and if Momonosuke is safe. Briscola, who despite having consumed Tamas kibi dango, was still fighting against the samurai due to having not been given an order yet, and says that it isnt that the enemies are weak, its just that Kaidou is too strong. Izou and Kawamatsu know that the message was to hurt everyones morale but Sanji becomes annoyed at how several are losing their will to fight. As for Queen, he defeats Chopper and tells him he was just playing with him since Chopper seemed so sure he could beat him. Also, Perospero fires a Candy Shower of candy arrows, causing the samurai to run in fear and take cover. Queen then reveals his teeth to have retractable spikes and calls Chopper a coward as he prepares to kill him, but Sanji comes to the rescue and attacks Queen with Diable Jambe: Rotisserie Strike, smacking him around while also deflecting Perosperos candy arrows, while he also knocks Queen into Perospero and knocking him away. Sanji commends Chopper for how long he stood his ground as Chopper tries to tell him about Luffy. Sanji, however, scolds him for crying and reminds him of all the miracles Luffy has pulled off in situations like these. He hands the bandaged Zoro off to him commenting he is worth at least ten men (which Zoro retorts that he is worth two thousand) as he says he will handle Queen as he identifies Sanji as Judges son. The samurai are in disbelief as to how the Straw Hats are still fighting despite the announcement that their captain is supposedly dead, and Marco reveals this is why he likes them. Up on the First Floor, Shinobu runs away with Momonosuke as a heavily injured Kinemon tries to stab Kaidou with his broken sword. He thinks back to when he told Momonosuke to call him father to hide his connection to Oden and how they eventually succeeded in pulling off the illusion. As for Kaidou, he asks Kinemon what the point is in buying time and running as he stabs him through the back with a sword. He tells him that it isnt easy to accept defeat but he should embrace his honorable death as a samurai. As Shinobu runs carrying Momonosuke, she sees that he had picked up a frog Mary, where he announces to his allies that Luffy wanted him to tell them that Luffy is still alive and that he would make it back, so no matter how hurt everyone is or if they have nothing left, they have to keep fighting, as it turns out the voice he previously heard was Luffy unconsciously telling him that he will defeat Kaidou. Momonosukes words reinvigorate his allies as Kaidou finally corners him and Shinobu. Shinobu uses her Devil Fruit powers to rot the rocks and causes the two of them to fall, much to his displeasure. As for Luffy, he is found by the Heart Pirates who proceed to save him. Tama cries in happiness that Luffy is alive and she, Usopp, and Nami run to the main stage, but Nami hears a voice coming from her Sorcery Clima-Tact, looking down to see what appears to be Zeus face. Big Mom says that Momonosuke was bluffing and the war ended the minute he fell into the sea, but Law arrives on the scene and says that since he has been working with him for so long, he has now learned to never give up faith with him. Kid asks Law if he is getting in his way, and Law tells Kid that they should play nice for now and work together. Yamato finally catches up to Kaidou and addresses him by name, causing him to tell Yamato to call him "father". Yamato, however, declares that he has come to free himself from this so-called "parental bond".  