As the people of Wano celebrate the Fire Festival in the Flower Capital, Toko and Tenguyama Hitetsu attend as Hitetsu teaches her how the festival honors the dead and how they hope the lit bonfire can be seen from the heavens. Toko says that she hopes her father can see it and Hitetsu says that with the sky clear, he is sure he can, probably watching over her and the future of the country as Onigashima continues to fly over to the capital. In the visitors reception room, CP0 continues to observe the battle, noting that despite supposedly losing Luffy, the alliance is still fighting. The boss says that an additional total of 5,000 soldiers have been incapacitated, leaving the Beasts Pirates with 24,000 soldiers and the alliance with 3,000. However, due to the Pleasures and Waiters on the Live Stage having turned on Queen, the Beasts Pirates now have 20,000 and the alliance 7,000. CP0 are amazed by how the disparity in manpower was shrinking and how the tide of the battle constantly changes with new information. Elsewhere, Bao Huang learns that Momonosuke has fallen off Onigashima, and, believing it means he is dead, becomes excited by the thought of breaking the alliances spirits. On the same floor, Usopp is amazed at how the Clima-Tact he created was now talking, even thinking he is more a genius than he gave himself credit for. Zeus, however, explains that it is still him, just inside the Clima-Tact. Nami asks how this is possible when she saw him get eaten and Zeus explains that after his soul left his body and Hera was about to eat him, Nami extended the Clima-Tact and his soul inhabited it. Nami expresses annoyance at having a sentient weapon and Zeus realizes she still has not forgiven him but points out that without Big Moms powers, he cannot leave. The three arrive at the stage but spot Bao Huang and Ulti together, right before Bao Huang can announce Momonosukes status, Ulti turns her attention to the Straw Hats as she charges for them. She strikes Usopp to the ground and snatches Tama, blaming her for their Gifters turning against them as well as Big Mom, and also blaming her for Page Ones defeat. As she starts choking her, Nami swings her Clima-Tact at her, but Zeus elongates it and even adds spikes to it, leaving Nami amazed. Zeus tells her that Ultis skin is still hard but no doubt Big Moms attack left her insides all messed up, meaning one thunderbolt should defeat her for good. Nami says she cannot use an attack like that or Tama will get hurt, so Usopp fires Midori Boshi: Sargasso to separate the two of them. Nami takes the opportunity to make a cloud, but Zeus becomes the cloud. He asks Nami for a new name and she calls him "Fluff", but he disregards it and continues to call himself "Zeus", her right-hand man. She tries to strike Ulti with Zeus but she jumps out of the way. However, Zeus redirects himself and strikes Ulti, finally taking her down. A shocked Bao Huang accidentally announces all across the island that Ulti had been defeated just like Page One, which ends up causing the Beasts Pirates to start losing their spirits instead. By the time she realizes her mistake, she gets nabbed by Usopps Midori Boshi: Devil, leaving her immobile and allowing Tama to broadcast her voice across the island. Outside the Skull Dome, Kaidou flies back to the roof in his dragon form and tells Yamato that Luffy and Momonosuke are gone, and if he is going to play, he must protect his pieces, and if he seriously thought getting rid of his chains meant he could leave. Yamato confirms this and says that after he drives Kaidou out of Wano, he will join Luffys crew. Kaidou changes into his hybrid form and tells Yamato that he is settling in Wano because it is special. He says that Yamato has no chance of defeating him and he should just accept defeat and become Shogun. Yamato refuses and says that he will hold him off until Luffy returns, calling him the one Oden was waiting for. As the two clash, Kaidou tells Yamato he will not go easy on him.  