Queen sees Tama and wonders what she is doing on the Live Floor and screams at her demanding to know who she is and where Bao Huang is. Tama ends up fainting in fear and Usopp and Nami run to her aid. On the fourth floor, Jinbe struggles in his fight with Whos-Who, who asks if Jinbe plans on making excuses for his subordinates helping him. Jinbe, however, tells Whos-Who that he knew going into this battle that they would be outnumbered, so he never expected to have a one-on-one duel with him. Whos-Who acknowledges his perceptiveness and calls him a real pain, but Jinbe says it is his job to keep him occupied. Elsewhere, Franky and Inuarashi are struggling in their fights against Sasaki and Jack, respectively, as the two of them have backup too. Also, the Gifters learn about the Waiters and Pleasures on the Live Floor having turned against them and charge the floor to deal with them. Thankfully, Usopp and Nami cheer Tama on to wake her and she yells to all the Gifters she fed her kibi dango to that they are on Luffy and Momonosukes side (Luffy shown being revitalized by the Heart Pirates while Shinobu comforts a scared Momonosuke). She cheers for all of them to help take down Kaidou, and while Queen is confused by what she said, sure enough, all the Gifters who ate her kibi dango, such as Briscola, Hamlet, and Poker, start turning against the remaining Beasts Pirates across the island. CP0 takes notice of this turn of events and reacts with confusion while the other Beasts Pirates react with confusion over what is happening as Nami and Usopp praise Tama. When Queen realizes that Tama was responsible for it, he tries to blast her, Usopp and Nami, but he is stopped by Sanji, who Queen addresses as "Judges brat". Sanji angrily demands he never say his name and he asks if he was part of his insane research team. When Queen asks if he is talking about MADS, he says that was a long time ago as he changes into his hybrid form. Sanji asks Chopper if he is okay, voicing his concern for him over the fact that as a result of the new Rumble Balls side effect, he has regressed to a baby yet he speaks like an old man, which is dubbed "Babyjiji Chopper". He praises Miyagi for possessing a super recovery drug, but Miyagi tells Chopper that when it wears off, it will cause ones pain to double. They plan on administering it to Zoro, who while he knows about the side effect, wants it anyway, saying he doesnt care what will happen to his body afterwards and he wants to fight now. Back on the fourth floor, thanks to Tama, Jinbe can finally fight Whos-Who one-on-one. Whos-Who uses a Hagan attack but Jinbe uses Karakusagawara Seiken to retaliate, only for Whos-Who to back up with Soru and counter with a Rankyaku that Jinbe blocks. Jinbe notes that what Whos-Who is using is the Rokushiki abilities possessed by government officials. Jinbe also says that he heard rumors about a rogue CP9 member breaking out of prison and how odd it is that one would be arrested at all. Whos-Who, who changes into his hybrid form, confirms his statement by revealing that it was him, and that is how he previously knew him as a Warlord despite never coming into contact with him. He says he is happy with what he is now, but he had it rough twelve years ago when he made a mistake, but he considers himself a genius on par with even Rob Lucci. He tries to attack Jinbe with a Gagan but Jinbe dodges, and admits his variations with Rokushiki are impressive, and while he pities his situation, he does not see what it has to do with him. Whos-Who, however, tells Jinbe that it is because he announced himself a member of the Straw Hat Pirates and how it reminds him of his bitter past. Whos-Who then reveals to Jinbe that twelve years ago, he failed to guard a Devil Fruit that was being transported on a government ship and how shocked he was when Luffy rose to prominence two years ago. He then says that the fruit he failed to guard was the Gomu Gomu no Mi, who he saw was consumed by him.  