Queen fires several laser shots at Sanji but he dodges him, while also musing at how excited Franky would become if he got his hands on Queens technology. As for Zoro, the Minks try to heal him but due to the level of bandages he is wrapped in, they need to drive the needle in pretty deep, which concerns him. On the Polar Tang, the Heart Pirates finally pump all the water out of Luffy. They all start arguing about how to best heal him but Luffy screams that he wants meat. In the right brain tower, the tamed Gifters continue fighting the other Beasts Pirates backing up Sasaki, allowing Franky to have a one-on-one fight with him. Sasaki angrily decrees that what they have done is treason, regardless of the method behind it. Franky tells Sasaki that he is a tough enemy since he landed several blows on him, and Sasaki likewise admits he is tough himself. Sasaki changes into his hybrid form and says that they have been betrayed on the Live Floor, so he plans on going there to kill all the turncoats, demanding Franky get out of his way as he draws his Karakuri Rasento. Franky retorts that he wont let that happen, also saying that he doesnt mind the turncoats helping him out. The tamed Gifters agree to back him up but Franky tells them not to, just as Sasaki starts rotating his frill neck bone like a propeller, therefore giving him the ability to fly, which surprises Franky. The Gifters realize what is about to happen but react to late as Sasaki attacks them all with Heliceratops. Sasaki attacks Franky again with it as Franky says that he didnt expect the fight to become an aerial battle. Sasaki tells Franky that the Triceratops is a unique breed of dinosaur as he lands and rotates the frill neck bone again, with clear intent on charging straight at Franky. Franky tries to use General Shield to protect himself, but surprisingly, Sasaki ends up moving backwards instead, having rotated his propeller the wrong way. While embarrassed, Sasaki plays it off, saying that now he has more running space to charge at Franky, striking him with Tamaceratops. His attack causes Frankys shoulder launcher to misfire and explode, but Franky still grabs Sasaki and uses General Suplex to slam him into the ground. Franky sees the V-shaped scar he left earlier and says that his belly is bound to be a weak spot, using Shori no V-Flash again hoping to finish Sasaki off. Sadly, Sasaki gets back into the air and dodges the strike. The two have a brief sword fight that ends with the Franken getting shattered due to Frankys lack of sword skills. Franky decides to use his strongest attack and runs away to prepare, with Sasaki giving chase. Arriving back at the Live Floor, Sasaki uses Tamaceratops again but Franky blasts him into the air with Gaon Portable Cannon: General Cannon. While injured, Sasaki recovers and tells Franky that everyone fears the Beasts Pirates because of the Tobiroppo, so he shouldnt underestimate him. He declares he will take him down with him and uses Magnumceratops to slam straight into Franky, heavily damaging the Iron Pirate. Thankfully, Franky ejects and blasts Sasaki in his belly with Radical Beam, knocking him unconscious. On the roof of the Skull Dome, Kaidou tells Yamato that he would make a worthy addition to the Beasts Pirates military strength, causing Yamato to retort that that is no way for a parent to talk to their child. Kaidou tells Yamato that the Devil Fruit he consumed was one he had a tough time acquiring and never planned on letting him have it. Yamato tells him that he ate it out of hunger and now he cant swim even though he wanted to set sail. Yamato tells Kaidou that even though he failed to kill him multiple times, all of the defeats have made him stronger, and that the explosive cuffs werent the only thing keeping him in Wano. Yamato declares that if he just abandoned the country, he couldnt call himself Kozuki Oden, as his Devil Fruit hybrid form is shown.  