Unfazed by Robins new attack, Black Maria simply says that that giant form of hers must take a lot of energy out of her. Robin tells her not to worry as she plans on finishing their fight quickly, sending her arms at her with the move Sea Serpent Snapdragon. Robin manages to grab Black Maria by her spider legs, but before she can grab her head, Black Maria strikes her giant arms, causing Robins main body to feel the pain. Recognizing this weakness, Black Maria jumps up onto the ceiling while swinging her Wanyudo to damage the arms just as Robin notices poison on Black Marias spider legs, causing her to pull her arms back. This does allow Black Maria the opportunity to restrain Robins giant form with Marianet, and then use Oshizumaria to leave her giant form open and defenseless. She equips her brass knuckles again saying she is a fighter at heart and proceeds to pummel Robins giant form, causing her to feel the pain herself. Robin manages to deactivate her giant form but tries to use the giant arms to grab Black Maria again, only this time Black Maria uses Ikidomaria to block them and uses her spider part, which can breathe fire, to set her highly flammable webs on fire, once again setting the floor on fire with her Atatamaria. Black Maria mocks Robins claim that she would finish the fight quickly as she traps her in her webs and claims it is what she gets for defending Sanji, who she still calls a disgrace. Black Maria asks if Robin can sprout anymore "flowers" in this sea of flames and if she plans on asking Brook for help, though Brook simply tells Black Maria to stop saying stupid things and to make herself scarce. Black Maria pays no heed and proceeds to pummel Robins main body all the while she reiterates how she called her empty baggage with only her mind being of true worth. As Robin endures Black Marias attacks, she thinks back to her time with the Revolutionary Army, and how Koala and Sabo wanted to teach her Fish-Man Karate and Ryusoken, respectively. Hack told them to back off as Robins submission holds are plenty strong enough, but Robin decides to learn about using her palms, which delights the two. Robin remembers how she used her palms when the crew was going to Fish-Man Island and the lessons they gave her. With it, she uses Mil Fleur: Fish-Man Karate: Giganteum, creating a huge hand that strikes the ceiling above. Black Maria at first thinks she missed since it came from behind her, but quickly realizes the attack was meant to put out the fire she started. Robin then displays a brand new form called Demonio Fleur,  becoming a dark-colored demon with wings. Black Maria immediately calls Robins new form a devil, which Robin does not deny since it will help her protect those that count on her. Robin then grabs Black Marias entire body and uses Grand Jacuzzi Clutch to knock her unconscious. Black Marias subordinates, who hear her screams, peek out from the wall of ice Brook made and are horrified to see her defeated with the demonic looking Robin standing over her, scaring all of them as well. Brook takes the opportunity to finish them off with Phrase darmes: Orchestra. He walks over to Robin and helps her up as a Mary is shown to have observed the fight. Down at Tokage Port, Caribou, who has given Luffy a months supply of food he kept stored in his body with his Devil Fruit powers, demands that he and the Heart Pirates better pay him back for it. The Heart Pirates ask Luffy if he can tell them about the status of their captain and Bepos group, but he isnt able to properly tell them due to stuffing his face. Off to the side, Momonosuke asks Shinobu a favor, which is revealed to be him asking her to use her Devil Fruit powers to mature his body into that of an adult and therefore, become a bigger dragon. Shinobu refuses out of concern of how dangerous it is on Onigashima, and on top of that, if she does use her powers on him, he wont revert back and he will still have the heart and mind of a child. Momonosuke states he doesnt care about that, saying that if he doesnt take action now, all of Wano will be destroyed.  