The narration reveals that while the Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance started with 5,400 people against the Beasts Pirates 30,000, the gap in power levels has dropped significantly for the Beasts Pirates thanks to Tamas kibi dango strategy and the samurais perseverance, and now, all members of the Tobiroppo are defeated. Also, there are only fifteen minutes until Onigashima reaches the Flower Capital, though Luffy has fully recovered from eating all that food. On the third floor, Raizo asks Fukurokuju how he could serve someone like Kurozumi Orochi, and Fukurokuju responds saying that the Oniwabanshu exists to serve whoever Wanos shogun is. He also retorts that Raizo is simply fighting for a "ghost" as he slaps him with his long earlobes. Fukurokuju then tells Raizo that he is too emotional to ever be considered a true shinobi regardless of how skilled he is. Raizo, however, retorts that those emotions are what make him and his comrades the Nine Red Scabbards. Raizo tells Fukurokuju that on that day twenty years ago, they laughed, cried, and died with Oden, thereby making him and the rest of the Scabbards ghosts trying to carry out the wish of their lord. He also says that they are carrying out this wish of their own free will even if it means they must perish, but they will succeed in making Momonosuke the shogun and ending Kaidou and Orochis cruel reign. Also on the third floor, Killer asks Basil Hawkins how many stand-ins he has left, to which Hawkins replies that he is running out, and then laughs while saying he is starting to get nervous. Killer then stabs Hawkins but Hawkins redirects the injury to another doll, saying cryptically that Killer should consider whose life he is taking. As it turns out, the doll that Hawkins transferred the attack to was linked to Kid, who gets confused by the sudden stab wound that appeared on his body. Hawkins sadistically says to Killer that it would have been interesting to see him kill his own captain without even realizing it, but he changed his mind to seeing him struggle to fight back with the knowledge that the only way he can defeat him involves hurting Kid too. On the Live Floor, Queen and King are attacking all the turncoat members of the Beasts Pirates as Sanji has been downed by the two, something even he admits is a tough battle. On top of that, Marco has also reached his limit, and now the two All-Stars are looking for Zoro. Sanji finds Chopper with Zoro and tells him to flee with him if the medicine is not working, but Chopper reveals that Zoro has already been administered it, it is just taking longer due to his condition. Sanji resumes fighting Queen as King orders Zoro found and stopped from recovering. Off in the distance, Charlotte Perospero is trying to shoot Sanji, blaming him for forcing him to team up with the Beasts Pirates by not marrying Pudding. Just as he is about to shoot him, he gets attacked by Nekomamushi (after Shishilian confirms Perosperos identity to him), who knocks him outside so he can avenge Pedros death. Zoro is eventually found by the remaining loyal members of the Beasts Pirates and the samurai try their best to keep him safe, but they get stopped by King, who conjures some fire in his hand. Just as he tries to punch Zoro, his attack is blocked by Marco using his Fujiazami. Marco then says to King that he has heard rumors about a race of people who lived on the Red Line and could control fire, indicating that King was one of them. Queen meets up with King and the both of them try to attack him, but Marco does nothing to stop them. He says that from this point on, the stars will be taking the stage. Just as he says that, Zoro, who has recovered strikes King with Santoryu: Rengoku Oni Giri  while Sanji strikes Queen with Diable: Mouton Shot. Both Zoro and Sanji then say that when they conquer this battle it will give them a glimpse of Luffy as the Pirate King.  