The samurai cheer for Zoros return to action while the Beasts Pirates become fearful for the All-Stars, who were knocked down by Zoro and Sanji (though both are still conscious). One of the Beasts Pirates attempts to shoot Zoro, but he is struck down by Kawamatsu. Hyogoro then announces to his allies that no one is to interfere with Zoro and Sanjis battles with King and Queen, knowing that they would only get in their way. Marco, meanwhile, looks at King while thinking back to a story Whitebeard told him about "Gods Land", which existed on the Red Line long before Mary Geoise came to be. Several pirates shoot at Marco but they get shot themselves by Izou, who grabs Marco while also chastising him for dropping his guard during the battle, only for Marco to simply tell Izou he expected him to help him. As they run, Marco asks Izou if he believes in God, causing Izou to retort that Marco is sounding like Whitebeard while he was drunk. Queen and King stand back up as Queen tells Zoro and Sanji that they need a little more effort to take the two of them, saying that there is a reason he, King, and Jack are classified as "Disasters". Queen opens fire on both of them, but they dodge, but Zoro notices something off about Sanji. Sanji tells Zoro that he has been feeling strange after using his Raid Suit for the third time. Zoro taunts that it will slow him down, but Sanji insists he is fine. King takes the opportunity to strike with his sword, but Zoro blocks it, saying Sanji owes him. When Queen tries to strike with his Bridal Grapper move, Sanji in turn blocks it too saying they are even. After seeing Sanjis Diable Jambe, Queen says that he remembers that Judge enhanced all of his children, believing that Sanjis burning leg is part of those enhancements. Sanji, however, refutes his belief by declaring himself 100% human, much to Queens disbelief, as according to him, only the Lunarians could burst into flames. Sanji says that it is because his emotions burn hotter than any real flame and resumes attacking Queen.  Zoro starts focusing his attention on King and attempts to strike him, but King blocks with his own sword. Zoro then sees that the bottom edge of Kings sword has several notches in it, which his swords get caught in, allowing King to simply toss them away and leaving Zoro open to be punched. Unfortunately for King, Zoro used the sword in his mouth to block it as he calls King a bloodthirsty brute. King retorts that he never understood why anyone would stick to traditional forms and techniques in a real battle, which Zoro accepts, admitting King never claimed to be a swordsman himself. Nevertheless, Zoro reclaims his swords and tells King he cant afford to lose to him. In the distance, Kawamatsu tells Hyogoro that he didnt protest too hard when Hiyori offered Enma to Zoro for a reason, which Hyogoro also sees. According to Hyogoro, Zoro not only has a similar sword style, but also greatly resembles Shimotsuki Ushimaru in his youth, who inherited his ancestor Ryumas talent for swordsmanship. Also, Zoro ended up returning Ryumas sword Shusui to Wano, which Kawamatsu considers fate, especially since Zoro is one-eyed much like Ryuma was. On the Second Floor, Jack battles Inuarashi in his hybrid form as he declares he will put him to sleep while also revealing that he has forgiven him for lying to him about hiding Raizo on Zou because the country paid the price for it. Though tired, Inuarashi manages to throw Jack into the room where Ashura Dojis body lays, in the process, telling Jack that he would have never been able to live with himself or return to Wano if he sold Raizo out, because everything he and his friends have gone through was for this moment in time. As Inuarashi steps outside too, he tells Jack that he has indeed suffered much in the past, but now the dawn of the world is approaching, and he doesnt mind dying for it. Jack then sees that Inuarashi has turned into his Sulong form, as a hole in the roof is letting the moon shine down on him. At the same time in the front entrance, Carrot and Wanda, who have recovered, see Charlotte Perospero in the front. Nekomamushi then arrives, also in his Sulong form thanks to the moon, and tells Pedro to sit back and watch, because he is going to make sure the moon is the last thing Perospero ever sees. Also, up on the second floor, Fukurokuju calls Raizo and the rest of the Scabbards a joke and there is no reason for him to serve the child of a dead man. Raizo angrily tells Fukurokuju that Momonosuke still has time to grow, with Wano serving to shape that.  Down in the Tokage Port, the Heart Pirates panic when they see what appears to be Kaidou in his dragon form, but Luffy, who was standing in front of the dragon, realizes it is actually Momonosuke. While crying, Shinobu explains that she gave in to Momonosukes request and matured his body by twenty years. When Luffy asks why she is crying, Shinobu says it is because after she did so, Momonosuke now appears identical to someone. Nevertheless, Luffy asks Momonosuke to help him take back Wano together, which he accepts.  