On the Second Floor, several Beasts Pirates watch as their allies collapse, with some deducing the cause was Haoshoku Haki. Sure enough, that is the case, but according to Usopp, who has labelled himself as "Usohachi the Sibling Hunter" while riding a Gifter with a Crocodile for a head, the Haki came from himself as he calls himself the man who defeated two members of the Tobiroppo. The Beasts Pirates react in fear as he tells them to join him, while off in the distance, Speed says to Tama that it is actually Big Moms Haoshoku Haki that is knocking the pirates unconscious, its reach being rather far. Nami tries contacting Franky asking for a status update on Luffy, but he replies he only knows what Momonosuke said earlier, who Nami says should be with Shinobu even though she cannot reach her either. Franky says that if there is no update then it means things are fine, and informs her that several pirates are trying to swarm the Live Floor while Zoro and Sanji battle King and Queen, and that they must be stopped. Bepo, Shachi and Penguin, agree to help. On the third floor, the fire started by Black Maria goes out of control as Brook carries a sleeping Robin in his arms, and on the fourth floor, Jinbe is informed of Brooks situation as he wonders who is holding Kaidou up right now. On top of the Skull Dome, Yamato attacks Kaidou with Narikabura. It does not do anything to him as he hits him back with Kongo Kabura which blows him into a rock. As Yamato gets back up, he reveals that Kaidou has been trying to kill him, with Kaidou responding that if Yamato is going to take on the name of Oden that he should be prepared for war. Yamato asks if it is wrong to admire someone and declares that he loves Oden as he thinks back to his childhood. In the past, a young Yamato, who at that time was called the "Oni Princess" by the Beasts Pirates, was chained to a gate as he continuously called himself "Oden" and demanded that Kaidou release him. Kaidou asks if he knocked everyone around him unconscious, which Yamato denies saying they just fell over, but Kaidou sees that he has Haoshoku Haki too. Kaidou tells Yamato that if he keeps calling herself Oden, he can die, as he has him moved into a cave for a month until he sees reason. Yamato becomes fearful for his life since the cave is filled with powerful samurai, who Kaidou is trying to force to join his crew. He throws in some food and many swords to see if they will fight to the death over it as he leaves. As he does, Yamato begs Kaidou to not leave him in the cave because he believes the samurai will kill him for being his child. Kaidou, however, coldly reminds Yamato of his declaration of being Oden as he seals the cave. Yamato sees the samurai take up their weapons and becomes fearful that they will kill him out of hatred for Kaidou, but to his complete surprise, they give him the food and tell him to eat, which he gratefully does. After Yamato finishes, he asks if he can be a samurai, prompting the one who gave him the food to cut his chains. The samurai tells him that everyone in the cave adored Oden, and they heard his declaration as him. As the samurai requests he be called "Nobody Important," Yamato shows him Odens journal, and says he has trouble reading it. Everyone proceeds to read it as Yamato is left amazed by Odens tales. Ten days later, the samurai tell Yamato that at this rate, they may not be able to see the battle that Oden predicted would happen in twenty years. Yamato says he will fight for Wano on that day, but the samurai decide to break out and fight immediately to make sure Yamato does not die in the cave like Kaidou wants. In the present, an angry Yamato asks Kaidou why he stole his and Wanos freedom, but he says life does not have simple questions and answers. The two of them both perform Raimei Hakke, releasing a clash of Haoshoku Haki that Kaidou is forced to acknowledge.  