Luffy tries to get Momonosuke to start flying, but since he is still a child mentally, he hesitates because of his fear of heights, earning him some insults from Luffy since he is technically an adult. All the while, Shinobu and the Heart Pirates watch this rather awkward exchange between the two. On top of the Skull Dome, Kaidou and Yamato finish their clash, with Yamato revealing he covered himself in some type of glass to protect himself. He then jumps into the air and attacks Kaidou with Himorogiri, knocking his head into the ground. As he gets back up, Kaidou tells him that the way Yamato defies him almost insinuates that he is from Wano, but he yells that no matter what he does, everyone will recognize him as his child and the samurai will never accept him. Yamato retorts that the statement has nothing to do with anything, but Kaidou says he spent his life crawling around the island hoping to escape because he is alone. Yamato yells he isnt alone because he had friends, but Kaidou retorts that everyone who ever showed him compassion is dead now, like Ace and the samurai who fed him in the cave. After Kaidou knocks him into the ground, Kaidou claims that the samurais acts of kindness were phony and that everyone was afraid of him for being the offspring of a demon, which he says is his purpose in life. Luffy finally gets Momonosuke to start flying and he immediately starts heading towards Onigashima, particularly to the roof. Unfortunately, Luffy learns Momonosuke is flying with his eyes closed, causing him to accidentally crash into the Live Floor and shocking everyone present with both of their appearances. Having lost complete control, Momonosuke starts flying everywhere and tearing up the castle, even tearing through the second floor and surprising Kid, Law, and Big Mom. They eventually do reach the third floor as the Beasts Pirates clamor in confusion over the presence of a second dragon. Eventually, the two reach the top of the Skull Dome, just as Yamato, who has reverted back to normal, charges at Kaidou with Shinsoku Hakujaku. At the same time, Momonosuke starts to land as Luffy goes into Gear Fourth: Snakeman, and strikes Kaidou with Gomu Gomu no Jet Culverin. Both attacks end up hitting Kaidou as Luffy and Yamato greet each other, with Luffy thanking Yamato for keeping Kaidou busy. Kaidou recovers and turns into his dragon form, questioning how Luffy is still alive and who the new dragon is. Luffy yells to Kaidou that he wont die because he will be the Pirate King as Momonosuke introduces himself, surprising everyone as Kaidou tells Momonosuke that the world doesnt need another dragon.  