The Fire Festival continues in the Flower Capital as Tenguyama Hitetsu thinks back to when Tama told him she was leaving to go help the alliance on Onigashima, despite Hitetsus protests. He hopes for her safety, totally unaware that Onigashima had reached the Flower Capital but was being hidden by thick clouds. On the roof of the Skull Dome, a Mary reports that Yamato is on the roof and in the sky, he sees two dragons, one of them being Kaidou, the other being Momonosuke, though he doesnt recognize him as such. Also, Luffy was riding Momonosuke, who the Mary calls an enemy. Yamato thinks to when Momonosuke told him that he wanted to become a monster like Kaidou to help Luffy just as Kaidou launches Bolo Breath at the two, which Momonosuke is barely able to dodge. Luffy then tells Momonosuke something before jumping into the air and striking Kaidou with Gomu Gomu no Elephant Gun, knocking him into the ground. Momonosuke thinks about Luffys request, which was for him to bite Kaidou, and after thinking about the horrible things Kaidou had done to him, he gets the courage to bite down on Kaidous body, causing him to howl in pain. Momonosuke tightens his grip on Kaidou as he asks him what he is doing, but while afraid, Momonosuke doesnt back down. Luffy then comes in and strikes Kaidou with a Haoshoku Haki-coated fist.  Meanwhile, in the Treasure Repository and outside the Skull Dome, Inuarashi and Nekomamushi have reverted back to normal, as the covered up clouds blocked out the moon. Luffy then calls Momonosuke, who was also heard by the samurai in the castle by the Mary, and points out that he just bit one of the Four Emperors. He asks if he is still afraid of anything after doing something so bold, and Momonosuke realizes he is no longer. Luffy then tells him to stop Onigashima in its tracks while he promises to beat Kaidou. The alliance and samurai react with happiness at the revelation that Momonosuke is still alive and cheer Luffy on, while Big Mom laughs at Luffys claim and Kaidou still expresses disbelief at the idea of him still having a chance against him. Kaidou and Luffy then attack one another with their Haoshoku Haki, not even touching one another and causing the skies and the heavens to split apart. As a result, the moon returns, allowing Inuarashi and Nekomamushi to regain their Sulong forms, and with their Oden Ittoryu: Inu Spire and Neko Niko Bam, they finally defeat Jack and Charlotte Perospero, respectively. Also, Kurozumi Orochi, who is shown to still be alive, reacts with shock at Jacks defeat before remembering he is no longer Kaidous ally.  