Following his victory, Nekomamushi covers his eyes to return to his normal form as Carrot hugs him in delight. He advises her and Wanda not to look at the moon or they will transform, just as he wonders how the skies parted and allowed the moon to return. On the roof, Yamato and Momonosuke watch in awe at Luffy and Kaidous clash, and Yamato and Momonosuke remember Oden writing about how Roger and Whitebeards clash split the heavens. Down in the castle, everyone panics as rocks fall from the ceiling. Yamato also clutches his head in pain due to not being able to block Kaidous attack by himself. Luffy calls to Yamato to help Momonosuke (who he still insults despite Momonosuke insisting he cant change on the dot), and Yamato agrees, jumping on Momonosukes head. Kaidou refuses to let them go anywhere and charges for the both of them, as Yamato tries to encourage Momonosuke to get going, which he eventually does, with Yamato even blocking his father. Luffy then wraps his legs around Kaidous neck, and Yamato quickly realizes that Luffy wants a one-on-one with Kaidou, so with that, he and Momonosuke jump off Onigashima. As Momonosuke cries in fear of falling, Yamato tells Momonosuke to grab onto the clouds, because according to him, dragons dont actually fly; dragons create clouds to use as footholds to move through the sky. Momonosuke successfully conjures the flame clouds as Yamato destroys falling debris. That is when he realizes Onigashima is starting to crumble because Kaidous powers are weakening and his clouds are becoming unstable. Momonosuke tries to stop the island himself but Yamato tells him it is useless, even though the two of them can see the Flower Capital from the air and it will be over the peoples head in under five minutes. Yamato then tells Momonosuke that if he wants to stop the island, he will have to conjure flame clouds stronger than Kaidous, which Momonosuke sees as impossible since he is still new to his form and doesnt even know if he has the same powers as Kaidou. Yamato tells him that he will have to take a chance and hope for the best, because according to him, if the island drops, everyone in the Flower Capital will be crushed, and on top of that, Onigashima is filled with tons of weapons and gunpowder, which makes it practically a giant bomb. Momonosuke panics and considers getting Luffy to stop fighting Kaidou, but Yamato smacks him on the head and reminds him that Luffy is already putting everything on his shoulders with his fight, and he doesnt need anymore pressure, meaning the two of them need to figure out how to stop the island themselves. Down in the castle, King, who has gone into his hybrid form, is unleashing wind slashes far and wide and attacking friend and foe alike. Zoro tries to block his attacks but ends up getting thrown through the castle, though he is thankfully caught by Franky. Franky offers to help Zoro fight King but Zoro declines. As for the Beasts Pirates, several of them realize that the reason King got so angry is because Zoro cracked part of his mask, and no one has ever seen Kings actual face. King makes his way outside and charges straight for Zoro with his Tankyudon while Zoro tries blocking it with Santoryu: Ul-Tora Gari. King wins and blows Zoro out of the castle, leaving him dangling in the air. Zoro uses Nitoryu: Clear Lance to save himself from falling and the two land outside on the island. Zoro angrily tells King he should have used his sword to kill him, demanding that much respect. King, however, tells Zoro that he should too for breaking his mask.  