In the Visitors Reception room, Guernica is informing Rob Lucci over a Den Den Mushi that another dragon appeared resembling Kaidou and is fighting him alongside Luffy, and also its appearance matches the Devil Fruit Dr. Vegapunk made. Lucci disregards this discovery, prompting Guernica to angrily inquire about Luccis reason for calling. Lucci informs him that they received orders from the higher ups saying that if Kaidou is defeated, they are to immediately move into Wano and annex it to the World Government, and several ships are on their way right now. Even though the numbers between the two forces have gone down to 12,000 vs. 8,000, the CP0 agents do not believe Kaidou will be defeated. Lucci then informs Guernica that they have received another order: the immediate capture of Nico Robin, regardless of the outcome of the battle. Robin has woken up again and, alongside Brook, is fighting back the Beasts Pirates. In the skies of Wano, Onigashima has only five minutes before reaching the Flower Capital, and Yamato has split from Momonosuke, the reason being that he hopes to nullify the explosives in the castle to hopefully reduce the potential number of casualties. Though Momonosuke is upset that she left him like that, he steels himself and attempts to create Flame Clouds large enough to support the island, though to no avail. Yamato finally reaches the top of the island and turns into his full Mythical Zoan-form to head for the explosives, much to the Heart Pirates surprise. On the Live Floor, Queen is attacking Sanji with his Bry Pan move as Sanji tries to dodge. Sanji admits Queen is strong as he dodges a sword strike as Queen demands Sanji use his Raid Suit again, having seen him use it on King earlier. He knocks Sanji away but as he gets back up, he thinks about how his body is feeling weird. Nevertheless, he angrily refuses to put on the Raid Suit due to his hatred for the Vinsmoke Family, which he vocally makes known to Queen. Queen still fires his Black Coffee at Sanji but he dodges and strikes Queen with Diable Jambe: Bien Cuit: Grill Shot, burning his stomach and sending him flying back. Queen steadies himself and turns into his full Brachiosaurus form, as Sanji wonders how he can take down his insanely powerful foe. Queen admits Sanjis attack was impressive and decides to fight him without his enhancements. To that, he straightens out his neck and tail and somehow, fires himself at Sanji by detaching his neck and tail from his torso, a move he calls Brachiojaurus. The Alliance and Sanji are left in complete shock at this bizarre attack as Queen wraps Sanji with his snake-like body and proceeds to squeeze him with Brachiotoguros. Queen tells Sanji that even the toughest of fighters have fallen to his attack, but considers letting him go if he shows him Germas capabilities. Sanji once again refuses as Queen directs his attention to his separated torso, which has deployed two missile launchers on its side. Queen tells Sanji that his Brachio Launchers respond by voice command, but before he can give them the order to fire, the missiles accidently misfire and hit Queen instead. Queen realizes the missiles fired because he said the words "Brachio Launchers" during his explanation, which he tries to explain to his torso, only for him to say the words again and causing the missiles to misfire again and hit him again. Annoyed by this, Queen decides to reform with his torso and drops Sanji, justifying that he wont survive from his crushing coil. A nervous Chopper calls to Sanji only to see him get back up on his feet, still able to move yet with all his bones broken. Sanjis body snaps back into place and he begins to fear that he has awakened the same enhancements as his siblings. Sanji becomes enraged by this supposed power up due to fearing he will become inhumane like his brothers, but as he thinks that, Queen, who has returned to his hybrid form, tries to strike Sanji with his sword, but only ends up shattering it against his head with Sanji only feeling minor pain.  