Away from the battle, Scratchmen Apoo speaks with X Drake in the Cave Chamber, where three of the Numbers, Inbi, Fuga, and Zanki are eating. Apoo tells Drake that he has surmised that he is actually a Marine spy, but he considers that fact irrelevant to the proposal he is about to make. Apoo offers Drake an opportunity to team up with him and pick off the winner of this large battle, since neither one of them really belongs to either side. Drake asks if Apoo seriously believes he would trust him, but Apoo says "trust" has nothing to do with his proposal, since he considers it such a rare opportunity. On the stairs between the first and second floors, Nami, Usopp, Tama, Speed, Gazelleman, Daifugo, and Hamlet carrying the injured Komachiyo are trying to flee the spreading fire. Nami and Usopp hear a scream and look, to their surprise, Kinemons lower half running around calling for help. Usopp grabs his legs but due to not having any ears, Kinemons lower half cannot hear Usopp and therefore cannot recognize him as an ally. Nami is able to verify by drawing the symbol of the crescent moon on him, and now that he has found someone, he informs them that Kikunojo needs help. After Usopp hears his request, he takes Hamlet along with Kinemons legs to the attic of the left tower. Up in the attic, Kinemons upper half begs for Kikunojo to hold onto life for a little while longer until help arrives. He also thinks about how amazing it is that he is still alive even after Kaidou cut him in half, surmising that when Law reattached him, he did not do it properly. He then hears Orochi trying to contact Kanjuro, which surprises Kinemon as he was positive he had been killed like Kanjuro was. However, Kanjuro weakly responds to him and informs him that he does not have much time left. Still, Orochi praises Kanjuro for his performance, but the praise he should be hearing himself is clouded by the rage and resentment of their ancestors beyond the grave. Orochi orders Kanjuro to use his Devil Fruit powers to paint the burning wrath of the Kurozumi Family and kill everyone in the castle. Kanjuro agrees and paints a fire monster called Kazenbo, before collapsing again. Kazenbo proceeds to move around the castle setting anyone it passes by on fire, as several observers report its presence and how it can even move through walls like a ghost. Outside the island, Momonosuke decides to make as many tiny flame clouds as he can to keep Onigashima in the air, while elsewhere, Orochi, who has taken sanctuary, reveals that he knows about Kaidous armory stocked with weapons, and he plans for Kanjuros fire drawing to go to it and blow the island, thereby taking out everyone at once. He also hopes that Fukurokuju will return to him shortly so they can escape together. Unbeknownst to him though, Yamato is still making his way to the armory as he hopes for Momonosuke to slow the island down as much as he can. All of a sudden though, she sees Eustass Kid fly through the air, having been blasted by Big Moms Ikoku while also having his large robot body destroyed too. As he falls through the air, he remembers his conversation with Law, where they both revealed to each other that they have awakened their Devil Fruit powers, but because they use up a lot of energy, they can only use it as a trump card. In the present, Law creates a KROOM, a miniaturized version of his ROOM with which he covers his sword. He drives the sword through Big Moms throat, though his incision is harmless. However, according to him, KROOM has other properties, and in this case, he unleashes a Shock Wille that zaps her entire insides, and actually causes her to bleed. Big Mom turns to face Law in anger, but then Kid uses his awakened powers to Assign magnetism to Big Mom. This causes Napoleon to become stuck to her body while many other metallic weapons and steel beams inside become attracted to her, slamming into her as Law and Kid warp away.  