The Beasts Pirates watch in awe at how Big Mom was crushed under tons of metal beams by Eustass Kid, even thinking she could not have survived it. Kid and Law are breathing heavily as Law makes note of the Jiki Jiki no Mis awakened abilities allowing Kid the power to make others magnetic, but Kid refuses to divulge any more of his powers to him. Suddenly, a metal beam is thrown off the pile as Big Mom emerges from within. She then performs her Soul Pocus technique and asks, "Life or Oshiruko?" As the nearby Beasts Pirates fall under its effect due to the fact that they threw out so much of it earlier in the party, Big Mom extracts their souls and bestows them onto the metal beams, creating a new army of Homies. She then removes one year of her own lifespan and consumes it, causing her to grow even larger with her soul energy emanating from her eyes. She admits to Kid and Law that it has been decades since she last felt such pain, and like Luffy, they are serious about dethroning her. She then dares them to continue fighting, as she will show them what it means to be an emperor. Law confirms saying he wants to learn the true history, and Kid says that no matter the costs, he plans on taking her down. Yamato, who has made it back into the castle, notices several enemies before him and decides to take a detour through the Cave Chamber. In the room, X Drake, who has rejected Scratchmen Apoos proposal for an alliance, proceeds to attack him. Apoo tries to use his Devil Fruit powers against him but Drake dodges, as he reveals to Apoo that he knows that his attacks work by getting them to follow his line of sight when he wants his targets to hear them. Apoo, however, retorts that he has three Numbers backing him up, but just then, Yamato bursts in. Though confused by the twos presence, Apoo decides to take advantage of Yamatos conflict with his father and attempts to team up with him, but he tells Apoo he is not with the Beasts Pirates anymore (though that does not stop him). He briefly clashes with Drake to get him out of his way, but Drake quickly explains he has defected too. Still, he pushes him off and continues making his way to the weapons room. Fuga, however, decides to start chasing him, and Apoo, not wanting his next opportunity to disappear, tells Inbi and Zanki to follow him, but Drake refuses to let him get away. On the second floor, Robin and Brook flee from CP0, while the Minks do their best to keep the agents at bay, with little success. Brook takes her in his arms and jumps off a ledge as Robin tries to understand why CP0 is in Wano. She also tells Brook that among the elites, the ones who wear masks are in a class of their own. Guernica then disappears. In the Left-Brain Tower, Sanji finds himself at Black Marias brothel, but all the women are hostile to him because apparently he attacked one of them. They chase him away by throwing objects as a confused Sanji tries to figure out how would have attacked a woman since he vowed not to do so. He recalls how he denounced his cruel brothers for viciously attacked Cosette. At the same time, Queen catches up to him as Sanji realizes that the tingling sensation in his body has stopped. He then thinks to when he was running around deep in thought when he came across the girl from before, who tried to convince him that she was not with Kaidou, and how the next thing he knew, she was on the ground hurt and terrified of him. Convinced he was the one responsible, he asks himself who would Luffy prefer: the human Sanji who is useless against enemy women, or a "soldier of science" who is cruel and heartless and will do anything to complete his mission. Though he is not sure, he makes a decision regarding his Raid Suit. He pulls it out as Queen thinks he is finally going to put it on, but Sanji instead drops it on the ground and destroys it by stomping on it, decreeing that even though his latent abilities have been awakened by it, he refuses to lose any more of himself to Germa. Queen reacts with displeasure at no longer being able to see him transform as Sanji pulls out a Den Den Mushi.  He then contacts Zoro, who is deep in his battle with King, and wonders how he ended up with one. Sanji explains to him that he snuck it into his clothes in case he got lost and tells him that while he is confident they are going to win, if he loses his humanity afterwards, he wants him to kill him. Though a little confused, Zoro agrees to Sanjis terms, even adding he is looking forward to it, so he better not die before that, which Sanji thanks him for. He then immediately vanishes, which Queen wonders if that was another enhancement, but an already irate Sanji strikes Queen with Diable Jambe: Hell Memories, setting him ablaze.  