Zoro demands Enma stop draining his Haki without his permission as he once again sucks it back into his arm. King moves in on Zoro but stops and stands before him, which confuses Zoro as to what King is trying to do. Still, Zoro plunges his sword into King’s chest, which King says was a direct hit. Seconds later though, he explodes. Back at the Pleasure Hall, Queen, who was blown back into several walls by Sanjis attack, makes his way back to him and tells him that he figured out he was talking to Zoro earlier, and how he believes he can’t win against King. Queen then tells Sanji that King is part of the Lunarian Tribe, which were supposedly all eradicated despite the fact that according to him, they could survive in any inhospitable environment they found themselves in, which caused them to be referred to as “gods” in the ancient past. Sanji asks how beings like him could be wiped out, but Queen tells him to find out for himself as he prepares to fire another laser at him. Returning to the outside of the castle, Zoro reveals that he used Busoshoku Haki to protect himself from King’s explosion, and expresses disbelief as to how he remains unscathed after such an attack. He uses Ittoryu Iai: Shi Shishi Sonson, but King once again takes the hit with no damage as he changes back into his pteranodon form to fire another Tempuraudon attack. Zoro draws out his other swords but Enma once again starts acting up, causing Zoro to get grazed by King’s attack which also destroys a chunk of the island. Zoro starts falling while also dropping Sandai Kitetsu, though he quickly manages to reclaim it, while thinking back to how Tenguyama Hitetsu told him that he made it and when he first bought it in Loguetown. King then uses a flaming kick to knock Zoro back to the island while calling him crazy to risk his life over a sword. Zoro was grateful, however, to see that Wado Ichimonji didn’t fall, as he thinks about when he acquired that sword too following the death of Kuina. He also remembers that Hitetsu told him that Wado Ichimonji was forged by the same person who made Enma: Shimotsuki Kozaburo. Zoro then asks the question he couldn’t at the time: how did a sword from Wano end up in the East Blue? King attacks Zoro with Barizodon which Zoro blocks, though King’s next attack with his wing launched Zoro down into the castle. He then remembers when Momonosuke told him that he wasn’t allowed to say the word “Sunacchi,” and how he told him that he picked it up from some “old geezer” in his village and how he never used it himself.  As he laid on the ground, Zoro remembered said geezer who sat by the shore whose name he never learned, and only found out he was Kuina’s grandfather after he passed away. He also remembers when Hitetsu told him that Kozaburo left Wano illegally over fifty years ago. Zoro then flashes back to his childhood and how the old man told him what “Sunacchi” meant, and how he felt he would never use it. He then asks the old man if he was really a samurai like everyone in the dojo said he was, but the old man told him to be quiet lest the Marines find him, prompting an annoyed Zoro to leave him alone. Later, the old man saw Zoro training and complaining about how he lost to Kuina again, and he offers him two swords to train with for free. The old man then told Zoro how he considers each sword a unique person with their own personalities, and a swordsman is one who tames their wild natures and bends them to their own will. He also tells him that swords with names that people say are cursed aren’t actually, that’s just what weaker people say. He then told him that he crafted his magnum opus when he was young and how he named it after the “Lord of the Underworld” because of how fearsome it is. It was upon this revelation that Zoro realizes the sword the old man was talking about was Enma, and as he pieces the puzzle together, he realizes as well that the old man was in fact Shimotsuki Kozaburo. He also remembers when he told him that blades wait patiently to find someone worthy to wield them, and Zoro sees that Enma has been testing him this whole time. Zoro picks up Enma and reabsorbs his energy and says that he hasn’t been living up to its expectations, something Oden clearly did. Suddenly, several Beasts Pirates appear and ask King to let them handle him in hopes they get promoted, but they all pass out from Zoro’s Haoshoku Haki as he decides to let Enma take his Haki. As Zoro stands before King with his three swords brimming with energy, King asks if Zoro plans on becoming a "king". Zoro confirms this as he says he promised his captain and best friend.  