In the Left Brain Tower Pleasure Hall, the various geishas try to escape the battle between Sanji and Queen, except for the one who got hurt, O-Some, who has been looking for her pet mouse Chuji. Her colleagues tell her to prioritize herself and that they need to escape Onigashima, possibly even Wano itself. Meanwhile, Momonosuke manages to grab hold of Kaidous flame clouds and decides that if he cannot push the island back, he can at least pull it away from the Flower Capital. On the Live Floor, the samurai keep the Beasts Pirates from escaping, and in the Pleasure Hall, Queen unleashes an attack called Sparking Queen, and fires lasers from his eyes at Sanji, who jumps into the air to avoid. He realizes Queens attack mimics Ichijis Sparking Valkyrie, and then Queen uses an attack called Henry Queen, where he extends his mechanical neck at Sanji and grabs him with his mouth and badly electrocutes him, he sees it mimics Nijis Henry Blazer. As a hurt Sanji falls to the ground, Queen fires more lasers as he tries to dodge them all, Queen reveals that he wanted to show Sanji that he could replicate Germa 66s abilities after he put on the Raid Suit, and declares Judges children to be the culmination of his scientific work. He also reveals to Sanji that he had desired to defeat Sanji while he wore the Raid Suit simply so he could prove to Judge that he was the superior mind, which annoys Sanji that he would force his feud with Judge onto him. Queen then grabs Sanji with his mechanical claw and, similar to how Yonji uses Winch Danton, swings Sanji around with Winch Queen, causing great damage to Sanji by smashing him through walls and making him bleed. Eventually though, Sanji quickly destroys Queens mechanical arm with a kick, thereby freeing him from his grip. As Queen recoils in anger, Sanji reminds him to not bring up his family in front of him before striking him with Diable Jambe: Flanchet Strike, which causes Queen to fall to his knees in pain. Sanji tells Queen that there is no way he did not feel his kick from before, and as this fight has long progressed, the both of them have been getting weaker and weaker throughout it all. Sanji, however, tells him that he found his resolve and accepted his fate, and that he is not the same person he was on the Live Floor. Queen tells Sanji to show him that as he reveals that he can too turn invisible like Sanjis Raid Suit. Sanji admits Queen has a lot of tricks before vanishing again, and Queen realizes that Sanji is not turning invisible, but moving faster than the eye can see. Queen expects Sanji to reappear when he runs out of stamina just as O-Some finally finds Chuji. Queen sees her and reveals that he made her his "number one" after Komurasakis apparent death, and he remembers that she had rejected his summons multiple times, even today by claiming she had a migraine. As he walks up to her while invisible, he declares that he will distribute more "divine punishment" to her. Sanji, meanwhile, while in the air, realizes he has more tools at his disposal. By combining his exoskeleton with his Busoshoku Haki, he creates flames on his legs hotter than before, dubbing it as Ifrit Jambe. As he makes his way towards Queen, he comes to the realization that the one who hurt O-Some in that moment was Queen when he was invisible. Filled with rage, Sanji attacks Queen with Collier, slamming his head into the ground and making himself visible again, which O-Some sees. Sanji follows up with Basse Côte, and then Paleron, Jumeau à Bifteck, Tendron, Flanchet, Queue, Poire, Jarret, and finally, Bœuf Burst, causing a huge explosion and sending Queen flying backwards.  