As King falls after getting slashed by Zoro, he thinks back to when he told Kaidou he believed he was “Joy Boy” and how he asked him to keep being the strongest while he himself makes sure he never loses until he becomes the Pirate King, though this is before he falls unconscious as he falls off the island. Meanwhile, Zoro reminisces on the moment where he promises to Luffy that he until he defeats Mihawk, he will never lose to anyone again. He also declares that if it is what it takes to keep from losing, he shall become the “King of Hell”. He then uses the force from his swords to launch himself back onto the island before also passing out from exhaustion. A flying Mary relays the information to the Mary with the CP0 agent Joseph, who reacts with surprise that all three All Stars and all members of the Tobiroppo have fallen, but he says those victories are meaningless unless Kaidou and Big Mom are defeated. As the events unfold though, it is shown that if Luffy does defeat Kaidou, the flame clouds holding up Onigashima will dissipate and the island will crash onto the Flower Capital and blow up from the gunpowder cache. The people are still blissfully unaware of this transpiring as Momonosuke continues to try to pull the island away. The other problem is that Kanjuros Kazenbo is making its way to the gunpowder cache and threatens to blow the island up in the air. Thankfully, Yamato has finally reached the cache first, but as he expected, the last of the Numbers, Rokki, is standing guard at the gate. Yamato knew he did not have the time to get the key from him, so he tells Fuga to knock him down, which he does, pushing down the gate and allowing Yamato to pass. He thanks Fuga and asks him to keep Rokki busy, which Fuga does. Up in the attic between the first and second floors, Usopp has found Kinemon and Kikunojo, but is under heavy assault from the Beasts Pirates. Both samurai plead with Usopp to abandon them, but Usopp refuses. He tells the two of them that he could never understand the samurais obsession with honor and dying with it, saying that he himself will fight for his life no matter how pathetic he may look, and that it is not just fighting the raid they have to do, it is live too. The samurai are touched and take this to heart, and at that point, Usopp was getting overwhelmed. Thankfully, he is rescued by Izou, who commends his words. He shows off the mark of the Kozuki Family on his back as he tells the two samurai to keep believing in Luffy and live on. Usopp and Hamlet pick up Kinemon and Kikunojo and run off to get them medical aid. On the third floor, both Raizo and Fukurokuju have trapped themselves in each others binding techniques. Raizo, however, has caught fire, but he refuses to give in. In the Treasure Repository, Orochi continues listening to "Komurasaki"s song while waiting for Fukurokuju to show up, and in the second basement, Scratchmen Apoo is fleeing with Inbi, as both Zanki and X Drake have been defeated by the CP0 agents. Joseph contacts them and asks for a status update on the capture of Nico Robin before informing them of the All Stars defeats and that they need to flee the island quickly. The agent also says that while the chances of the alliance winning are still slim, they need to be prepared for if they win, because that will direct where the world goes afterwards. Meanwhile, Sanji is being treated by an unknown person, and Killer and Bepo are continuing to fight off the Beasts Pirates. On top of the Skull Dome, Luffy and Kaidou continue to fight, and while Luffy is struck by Kaidous club, he manages to sock him with Gomu Gomu no Roc Gun. Both fall to the ground and get back up laughing, as they both confess they are having a lot of fun.  