The Fire Festival in the Flower Capital starts coming to a close, with several people writing wishes onto Sky Ships to set afloat in the sky. Little do the people actually know, Onigashima is still making its way to the capital, and up on the roof of the Skull Dome, Kaidou has returned to his human form and started drinking, much to Luffy’s annoyance. Kaidou tells Luffy that he’s drinking because he’s having fun and reminds him of the banquet they were originally having before they ruined it. After Kaidou finishes drinking, he goes into “Warai Jogo” mode, and Luffy, while still annoyed, charges at him hoping he doesn’t use getting drunk as an excuse if he loses. Kaidou, however, clarifies that he drank because it will make him stronger, as he has finally acknowledged his power. In his drunken state, Kaidou dodges an attack from Luffy and counters with Shuron Hakke and Warai Jogo: Ragnaraku, changing back into his Human-Beast Form and slamming Luffy into the ground, with chunks of roof falling onto the people still inside the castle. Luffy clutches his head in pain as Kaidou becomes a full dragon and also goes into “Ochikomi Jogo” mode, lamenting how half the castle and island are destroyed because of his inability to protect it, and how it may take another five years to rebuild everything. Luffy charges at him again but Kaidou uses Tatsumaki Kaifu to blow him back, just as he goes into his Human-Beast Form and “Naki Jogo” mode and attacks Luffy with Raimei Hakke, but Luffy dodges it and kicks him square in the face with a Haoshoku Haki coated foot. Though he draws blood, Kaidou suddenly grabs Luffy with his tail and brings him forward to his face as they both headbutt each other with Haoshoku Haki, but Luffy is overwhelmed and blown back as he admits Kaidou’s Haki is growing stronger. Kaidou then goes into “Okori Jogo” mode and gets mad at Luffy for starting to sober him up and fires a blast of energy at him, but Luffy dodges, and he charges at him with Gomu Gomu no Roc Gatling while Kaidou counters with Gundari Ryuseigun. Both attacks clash and both Luffy and Kaidou do get hit by each others attacks, but Luffy manages to strike Kaidou square in the stomach. In the Holy Land Mary Geoise, the Five Elders complain about the Levely but change topics to the battle in Wano and how Nico Robin should have been captured or killed at this time, and how they need to act now. Surrounding Wano, the World Government ships see a giant shadow with some believing it to be an island. As it turns out, it is the giant elephant Zunesha that carries the mink’s island home. This concerns the Five Elders as according to them, “that” Devil Fruit hasn’t awakened in centuries and should only be a legend, as one of them points out that the World Government gave it a specific name to hide its existence from the annals of history.  