On the third floor, both Raizo and Fukurokuju have caught fire, though the former is burning more than the latter. Fukurokuju demands Raizo release him or they will both die, but Raizo stands his ground. On the second floor, the samurai try to flee from the burning castle, just as part of the ceiling comes down. Thankfully, Jinbe protects them, and as they escape, Jinbe wonders how the fire is spreading so fast. On the Live Floor, Choppers side effects finally wear off, and he returns to normal, much to Tristan and Myagis relief. Chopper, however, expresses more concern over Zoro since the super medicine he was given earlier would make him feel even more pain when they wore off. He begs for Zoro not to die, though Zoro wakes up and notices what appears to be the grim reaper preparing to slay him, and he himself cannot move at all. Thankfully, Franky is making his way to his position. In the First Floor attic, Izou has defeated the Beasts Pirates but sustained injuries himself. His attention is turned, however, to the presence of the CP0 agents. Guernica admits that while they cannot technically ignore a former member of the Whitebeard Pirates, their priorities are the Straw Hat Pirates and decide to leave him alone. Izou, however, refuses to let them out of his sight. In the Basement Armory, Yamato has reached it, but so has Kanjuros Kazenbo. Yamato uses Namuji Hyoga to freeze the explosives with ice but the Kazenbo starts melting it. Yamato uses Mahobora to hurt it, and it manifests a hand and slathers Yamato with its fire. On the Live Floor, Kid and Law are on the ground defeated by Big Mom, while their respective crews plead with her to show mercy. Big Mom, however, laughs at the patheticness of their begging and uses Tenman Tenjin to defeat the two crews. Afterwards, she decides to ride Hera back up to the roof to help Kaidou finish Luffy, having deduced they were still fighting for so long. But before she can go, Law once again uses Kroom: Anesthesia to extend his sword and pierce Big Mom through her arm and head. He then uses Shock Wille again to electrocute her and make her bleed again. All the metal Homies try to attack Law in retribution but they are pulled towards Kid, who manages to get back up again. He forms a giant bull with the metal and rams into Big Mom with Punk Corna Dio, slamming her into a wall. He also says to her that he believes Kaidou is reaching his limit, comparing him and her to a mountain that gets worn down by the rain, meaning that both Emperors have no doubt been taking a lot of damage from these fights. Kid and Law then proclaim that no matter what and even if they die, they will not let her reach the roof.  