Momonosuke continues to try and pull Onigashima away from the Flower Capital, just as he hears a voice call to him. On the Live Floor of the castle, the Beasts Pirates react in horror over witnessing Big Mom getting rammed by Eustass Kid’s giant metal bull, while his crew, and Law’s crew cheer them on. Law jumps onto Kid’s bull and tells him that that was the second time he waited for Law to use his finishing move before moving in with his own, as if he was trying to take credit for her injuries. Kid tells him that his petty view of being his “opening act” is extremely pointless, but Law tells him to go first next time, only for Kid to tell him not to give him orders, and that if he did use his trump card, there won’t be anything left of her, to which Law tries to figure out what Kid’s final move would be with Kid refusing to tell. As they argue, Big Mom gets back up on her feet, with her right arm clearly broken, with her even admitting Law’s powers are dangerous for breaking some of her ribs. She uses her powers to bestow souls onto her bones, restoring them. Law then tells Kid that he will be out of energy when he uses his next attack, so he will have to finish things himself, only for Kid to remind him not to boss him around. Big Mom performs her Maser Saber combination attack and slices through Kid’s bull, but since he made it from scrap connected by magnetism, he isn’t concerned about it’s condition since he can put it back together. Big Mom tells the two of them that they need to quit dreaming that they could dethrone her since they’ve ruled over the seas for decades, but Kid jumps off the bull and assigns a south pole to her forehead and a north pole to the wall behind her, causing her to get pulled back to it unable to move. Kid then has the bull charge at Big Mom again, but she uses the wall itself to block the attack. She then generates an attack called Bahoho: Misery, creating a huge woman out of fire and lightning that smacks Kid to the ground. However, Law uses his Devil Fruit powers to warp a tower over her head, crushing her and knocking her on her back. Law then coats his sword with K-ROOM again and stabs her through the chest, only this time, he makes the sword super long; long enough to pierce straight through the floating island and all the way down to Wano’s surface, which Yamato observes. Big Mom starts pummeling Law to force him to release her, but he holds on and drives his sword even deeper, using a powerful attack called Puncture Wille, causing Big Mom to howl in pain as his attack makes a hole both in the island and on Wano, which even Momonosuke sees. Big Mom has Misery aim its attention at Law, but before it could strike him, Kid appears in the air with his trump card: a railgun made of the scrap metal to channel his electromagnetic energy. He uses Damned Punk to fire a huge blast of energy at Big Mom that hits her right in the chest, as Law declares her era is over.  