Eustass Kid tries to blast Big Mom into the large hole Law made with his last attack, but Big Mom soon starts resisting the impact of the blast and grips the edge of the hole to keep herself from moving. She then uses her Soul Pocus move again, saying that after Kid’s attack finishes, everyone present can either give her fifty years of their lifespans or become her slaves. Both crews start panicking, including the Beasts Pirates, but while Kid and Law’s crews want to run away, both Kid and Law, surprisingly, are not affected by Big Mom’s Soul Pocus, the reason being that they aren’t afraid of her. Law creates a miniaturized Room called R-ROOM that he launches at Big Mom, which cancels out all sound within it in homage to the late Donquixote Rosinantes Nagi Nagi no Mi powers. At the same time, Misery tries to attack Law, but he easily destroys it with his sword. With Big Mom’s voice no longer reaching anyone to steal their souls, Kid fires another Damned Punk, successfully blasting her down the hole, with neither Prometheus nor Hera being able to come to her aid. She ends up getting blasted down into the armory where she ends up punching one of the bombs Yamato froze, which causes her pain and also damages Kazenbo, causing it to shrink. Yamato manages to create a wall of ice to protect himself and the other frozen bombs, but the explosion destroys the lower part of Onigashima causing Big Mom to fall with several other explosives. As she falls, she mentally curses Roger for instigating the “Great Pirate Era” when it had no impact on him since he was about to die, and because of that, there are tons of young upstarts trying to claim the heads of the Emperors. She says that he could have at least told them about One Piece; if it was real, where is it, what it is, and if some of it could be "found" in Wano. The explosives hit the hole and cause another massive explosion to occur, before Big Mom is engulfed in the blast, she curses Law and Kid for this and claims she won’t die from this, and Law uses the silent Room to block the sound of the explosion. Law and Kid are announced the victors of the battle and their respective crews cheer for them. As a result of the earlier explosion, everyone across the island feels the impact, with Zoro starting to fall off the island himself. Fukurokuju also falls over desperately begging for some water, while Raizo stands his ground. Momonosuke asks Yamato if the explosion came from the basement, which he confirms, also saying he froze the other bombs. Momonosuke then tells Yamato that Zunesha, the elephant that carriers Zou on its back, is getting closer to the mainland. Yamato asks if this Zunesha is the same one Oden mentioned in his journal, and Momonosuke confirms, also saying that it was once Joy Boys companion when it committed a crime 800 years ago.  