Momonosuke tells Yamato that he spoke with Zunesha briefly and learned that the giant elephant has come to aid him in the battle. Yamato reacts with amazement and tells Momonosuke that he must be the one who will lead the world to its dawn like his father predicted, but while Momonosuke acknowledges he cannot die in this fight, he reveals that Oden tore out the most crucial pages of his journey, specifically what he and Roger found on Laugh Tale so long ago. Momonosuke then tells Yamato that he does not consider himself as wise as his father, and when he thinks about all the potential dangers of the outside world, it makes him want to keep Wanos borders shut rather than open them like he wanted, prompting him to ask Yamato if he thinks him a coward for thinking that. On the third floor of the castles interior, Fukurokuju has fallen unconscious from the flames, releasing Raizo from his binding technique and declaring him the victor. Once freed, Raizo starts rolling around in an attempt to put out the fire just as Jinbe comes across him. Raizo tells Jinbe that the two of them must move quickly for the "preparations" are almost complete. In the Treasury on the second floor, Orochi starts growing impatient with Fukurokuju, with not even "Komurasaki"s music being able to calm him down. He starts demanding she take off her mask so he can see if she is real or a ghost, but some of the ceiling crashes down on him. While trapped under the debris, Orochi realizes he cannot transform, with "Komurasaki" revealing it was because she stuck a Seastone nail in him while she was playing. Orochi is outraged by her action as he asks her if she loved him, but she coldly replies that she bears no love towards him. She then tells him that it is poetic that his favorite song is "Moon Princess" which was her fathers favorite too. It is then that Hiyori reveals her true identity to a horrified Orochi, and that she wore the mask so she could avoid smiling for him while playing it. In the castle basement, Izou has taken down one of the CP0 agents, named Maha, though he goes down as well. The other agent, Guernica, is injured but still conscious and curses Izou for taking down one of them with him like he planned and for helping a couple of "upstarts". The agent then gets a call and is told that by the orders of the Five Elders, he is to kill Luffy immediately. The agent reacts with outrage that he would be told to interfere with his fight with Kaidou, but the agent on the other end tells him that it is a necessary precaution because of the nature of the battle. Unbeknownst to him, X Drake has woken up and tracked him down, determined not to go down empty handed. Elsewhere in the basement, Usopp is rushing Kinemon and Kikunojo to safety while Nekomamushi, Wanda, and Carrot head back inside the castle. Franky is also able to catch Zoro and keep him from falling off the island, though he is unsure if he is alive. And down in the Beasts Pirates bath, Nami is hiding with Tama and her animals, who are being treated by Marco. Nami deduces from the shockwave she felt that Law had defeated Big Mom, which Zeus cries for before Nami reminds him of who his new master is. As for Law and Kids crews, they continue cheering for their captains victory, but the two are too exhausted to fight Kaidou, leaving it all truly up to Luffy. On the roof, after Luffy and Kaidous clash, Kaidou deduces based on the shockwave that Big Mom had been beaten by Kid and Law, which Luffy praises the two of them for. He thinks back to the day he first met her on Rocks crew, and after going into his Naki Jogo mode again, sobs uncontrollably over the fact that they just teamed up to get the One Piece together. Luffy, however, goes into Gear 4: Snakeman, and uses Gomu Gomu no Hydra to strike Kaidou in multiple places. Luffy screams that his dreams starved the people of Wano, and with all the energy he has, he is going to make sure he will never come back to Wano.  