X Drake has stabbed the CP0 agent Guernica from behind. As he coughs up blood, the agent asks Drake why he is interfering with him, and Drake answers that it is because he follows his own justice. Guernica tells Drake he envies him before using Shigan on his throat to break free. In the Flower Capital, the people are writing wishes and setting them adrift in the sky in their sky lanterns, while on the roof of Onigashima, Kaidou is continuously pummeled by Luffys attack, and when he blocks one punch, he gets hit in three more spots. He admits his attacks are hurting him as he realizes that Luffy is altering the trajectory of his punches at whim. He once again tells him his attacks hurt as he goes into Amae Jogo, which angers Luffy at the fact that he is still drunk. Kaidou then goes into Nusubito Jogo mode and transforms into his full dragon form to finally escape Luffys onslaught, where he then bites and swallows Luffy. Kaidou flies up into the air and once he is high enough, he opens his mouth, letting Luffy fall, but also firing Bolo Breath at him, the attack piercing straight through the island and blowing Luffy down through the hole. Luffy, however, escapes the blast and changes into Boundman to fly back up to him. He declares that this is his last Gear 4 and he no longer has any time to waste to beat him. He yells to Kaidou that the people of Wano will continue to starve and go thirsty as long as he remains just as he prepares to use the move Gomu Gomu no: Over Kong Gun. As for Kaidou, he tells Luffy that while it is his business who he teams up with, he personally considers the people of Wano weak and used to defeat, citing the samurai as "losers" who would willingly die for the sake of "honor". Luffy retorts that the samurai are strong, but Kaidou rejects this notion as he prepares another Bolo Breath, but Luffy fires his attack first causing Kaidou to misfire in his mouth and crash to the ground. Luffy charges at him again but Kaidou quickly gets back up and hits him with Horai Hakke, causing Luffy to crash. Steam starts to eject from his mouth but Luffy tries to force it in as Kaidou goes into his Satsuriku Jogo mode. Both charge at each other once again with Gomu Gomu no Over Kong Gun and Horai Hakke, but Guernica finally arrives and grabs Luffys arm, using Tekkai in the process to hold him back. Though Kaidou sees the agent too, he is unable to stop himself from striking Luffy while the agent steps back, causing Kaidou to flashback to when Oden was distracted by Kurozumi Higurashi during their fight, as a look of horror is shown in his eyes.  