Luffy ponders what to call his latest attack as Kaidou picks himself back up. He asks Luffy who he is, just as Zunesha reminisces how familiar Luffy’s drum-like heartbeat feels, and comfortably reassures him that they can put their trust in him, while Luffy proclaims his name and declares himself the man who will surpass him and become the Pirate King. Kaidou remarks how cheeky Luffy still sounds and tells him that it’s because of his Awakening. He also acknowledges how much he’s lost during this war, though feels Luffy has lost a lot too, but Luffy retorts he will take everything back that he stole. Kaidou uses Gundari Ryuseigun on Luffy while Luffy retaliates with several punches that extend through his body. Kaidou then notices that fumes have reached the top, and realizes the entire castle has caught fire, which means the alliance will burn to death, but Luffy confidently assures he can trust them to handle the situation just as he dodges a Kaifu attack. On the Live Floor, everyone desperately tries to escape the fire as Chopper reunites with Nami, who tells her that he can’t find the rest of the crew, and with the giant fire, they can’t go anywhere, not even Zeus can put out the fire. Several turncoat Gifters are trapped in the basement castle interior, and on the first floor, Bepo has passed out from the heat, causing his crew to carry him. Brook, Robin, and several other samurai are trapped in the basement, and Sanji, who’s trying to help the geishas, can’t get them out of the Pleasure Hall. Elsewhere, Inbi burns his hand trying to break down a wall only for Scratchmen Apoo to retort for him to suck it up, irritating the Number. Usopp tries to use Midori Boshi: Sprinkler to put out the fire, but the plant gets consumed by the flames. Hamlet tells him that he’s just wasting his energy but Usopp retorts that he feels he needs to do something as promised to Izou to save Kin’emon and Kikunojo. In the Right Brain Tower, Franky is carrying the unconscious Zoro to find Chopper while being followed by other turncoat Gifters. On the fourth floor, though, Raizo and Jinbe’s preparations are complete. As it turns out, when Raizo was on Zou, he used his Devil Fruit powers to store the seawater Zunesha used to bathe itself in his scrolls, his motivation for doing so being the guilt he felt in being unable to help prevent Oden Castle from burning that day 20 years ago. He then releases all the stored water, and Jinbe uses Mizugokoro and Kairyu Ipponzeoi to hurl the water down throughout the castle to put out all of the fire. Meanwhile, Yamato tells Momonosuke who is in shock that Kaidou is reaching his limit and he won’t be able to sustain his flame clouds for much longer, which means he has to produce flame clouds as big as his, or else Onigashima will fall. As he says that, Luffy grabs a bolt of lightning preparing to bring it down on Kaidou as he watches, encouraging Luffy to attack him.  