Yamato encourages Momonosuke to make large flame clouds, but he claims it’s easier said than done. He then thinks back to the day his home was destroyed, when his mother, Kozuki Toki, told him to flee to the future. He admitted he felt he couldn’t unless she and his sister accompanied him, but Kin’emon reminds him that in the Land of Wano, when one suffers a great failure, they forfeit their life, and therefore, he can’t question the resolve of his mother. He retorts that he is just a kid, but Kin’emon says that with Oden gone, he isn’t just his heir anymore. With tears in his eyes too, Kin’emon begged for Momonosuke to give him another chance to fight rather than die a shameful death by fire. Though he was reluctant, Momonosuke agreed to leave his mother behind with his followers. In the present, Momonosuke regains his own conviction and declares that he would never be able to face his mother if he gave up now, and continues to try and stop the island. On the roof, Kaidou remarks on how Luffy was able to actually grab lighting, as Luffy uses a new move called Gomu Gomu no Thunderbolt and hurls the lightning bolt at Kaidou. Kaidou, however, sidesteps it and smacks him with Hassaikai, sending him flying off only for Luffy to grab another lightning bolt and swing around and back at Kaidou with an inflated leg. Before he can use another move though, Kaidou dodges and strikes Luffy on the head, where he declares that in the end, a strong Devil Fruit power isn’t enough to conquer the seas, revealing that Gol D. Roger himself had no Devil Fruit power yet he was still able to become the Pirate King. Luffy gets propelled down to the ground, which bounces him back up, and as he tries to defend himself, Kaidou yells that to conquer the seas, the one thing that truly matters is Haki.  He then hits him with Daiitoku Raimei Hakke which injures Luffy, but he still grabs Kaidou and starts dragging him up with him to the sky, only for Kaidou to try and shake him loose while changing into his full dragon form to blast him with Tatsumaki Kaifu, acknowledging that even with his awakened power, he’s still weak to slashing attacks. While that was going on, the people of the Flower Capital watch their sky lanterns float up into the air with the hope that their wishes will reach the heavens, as they know they will return to being slaves again. Kaidou then blasts Luffy with Boro Breath to get him to let go while demanding he gets back down. In the castle, while the fire continues to rage on in some parts of the island, Hyogoro is informed that the island is falling, which he says is because Kaidou is at the end of his rope. He asks everyone what outcome they would prefer: Luffy defeating Kaidou and causing the island to fall and potentially kill everyone, or Kaidou to win and extend everyone’s lives by only a little while. The samurai immediately say they’re okay with dying as long as the innocent continue to live, and they cheer for Luffy to fight without worrying about them. Some Beasts Pirates retort that they may all die, but Hyogoro doesn’t mind. In the basement, Usopp and Hamlet are running for their lives from the raging fire, only to get swept up in Raizo’s water, to their relief. On the Treasure Repository floor, Orochi has managed to get the Seastone nail out of his body, allowing him to transform while still on fire, though he is reduced to one head left. Still, he proclaims that if he dies, he will spite Oden by taking Hiyori with him. Back on the roof, Luffy tells Momonosuke to get the island out of the way, as he inflates his hand to a humongous size coated in Haki to finish Kaidou with.  