Momonosuke tells Luffy that he cannot move Onigashima out of the way, but the memory of his family compels him to try anyway. Kaidou tells Luffy that he will take his attack head on as he starts covering himself in fire, a move called Kaen Daiko. While doing so, he tells Luffy that Oden died twenty years ago by burning to death, and ever since then, Wano became a lawless land filled with people desperately waiting for their "savior" to appear. The fire causes Luffy to let go, which Kaidou says is the right call and that he had no intention of running, though it was because he was confident Luffy would not be able to crush him with his fist because he would vaporize it. Kaidou then performs a move called Shoryu: Kaen Hakke while Luffy uses Gomu Gomu no Bajrang Gun, all the while thinking back to when Hyogoro taught him advanced Busoshoku Haki, and the two attacks clash. Inside the castle, Usopp tries to keep Kinemon and Kikunojo from drowning and the other samurai cheer for Luffy to defeat Kaidou, with Kawamatsu saying that unless Kaidou is defeated, then their long nightmare will not end. He thinks about when he and the rest fled the Flower Capital after Oden was killed, and Orochi yelled that they would most definitely head back to Kuri to protect Momonosuke, only for Kaidou to say he would take care of him himself. As a result, several loyal samurai were struck down by Kaidou and the castle was burnt to the ground. Kozuki Toki was pronounced dead in Bakura Town and no one else was found, which led to Orochi believing the Kozuki line had finally ended. After that, Orochi and Kaidou confronted the remaining daimyo to see who would they side with, and they all quickly picked up arms against them, saying they refuse to recognize a shogun that is not Oden and will avenge him. Sadly, they did not stand a chance against Kaidou, and because of that, none of them could depose Orochi, who continued to enjoy tormenting his people. Their actions would lead to several samurai being imprisoned and forced to work as slaves by the Beasts Pirates, the factories polluting the water, and eventually killing all the crops. Still, several samurai kept believing in Tokis words. Orochi would later start feeding the people of Ebisu Town faulty SMILEs to make them only capable of smiling and laughing even when they are actually sad, which he said was a fitting fate for them all. In the present, Orochi, still on fire, tries to attack Hiyori, but Denjiro arrives in time and slices Orochis final head off, ending the psychotic shoguns reign for good. Surprisingly, one of the wishes written on the sky lanterns was "please make Orochi disappear", while another one is "free us from this hell", which Luffy is still working on with his clash with Kaidou.  