During their clash, Kaidou commends Luffy for making it this far, but he believes he can never change the world. Kaidou then thinks back to his youth. When he was 10 years old, he was already formidable in his home of Vodka Kingdom. A few years later, however, the kingdom was revealed to be struggling to make ends meet with the Heavenly Tribute, resorting to going to war to seize loot to pay for their position in the World Government. In order to guarantee a spot in the Levely (and because they could not handle him anymore), the king of the country offered up the young Kaidou to the World Government, much to his personal fury. Still, he was able to escape the Marines custody, earning himself a bounty and a rumor that he only gets captured to eat something on the prison ships. Two years later, on Hachinosu, Kaidou furthered his reputation with his formidable strength, which led to Edward Newgate bringing him to Rocks, news that shook the world. Eventually, the Rocks Pirates fell and Kaidou struck out on his own. As he was forming the Beasts Pirates, he was approached by Kurozumi Higurashi, who offered him a proposition that led to his alliance with Kurozumi Orochi in Wano. Kaidou accepted her terms and much later, he declares he will teach the "peace loving" nobles the hellish nature of war, and create a world where ones worth is determined by strength. Later, he confides to King that he overheard Yamato mention "Joy Boy," and if he is the person King is waiting for, then he knows exactly who he is. In the present, Joseph decides to flee as Yamato cheers for Momonosuke to create large Flame Clouds, which he desperately tries to. Inside the castle, Raizo and Jinbes water reaches the rest of the interior, swallowing up everyone and putting out all of the fire before flowing out of the island. Everyone tries to hold on for dear life, and down in the Treasure Repository, Denjiro commends Hiyori for enduring her suffering for so long for this moment, which brings her to tears. However, Kaidous Flame Clouds have completely disappeared, meaning the island will fall soon. Kaidou asks Luffy what kind of world he wants to make, just as Momonosuke finally produces his own Flame Clouds to support the island. As for Luffy, he tells Kaidou that he wants to create a world where his friends can eat as much as they like as his fist tears through Kaidous fire dragon and punches him in the face, sending him straight and deep into the ground. Momonosuke drops Onigashima safely near the Flower Capital and passes out from exhaustion, as does Luffy. In the past, Kaidou told King that Joy Boy is the man who will no doubt defeat him, though King confidently believed he would never appear.  