Kaidou changes back to his human form as he continues to sink in the ground, eventually falling into a huge magma chamber underneath Wano, which is also what happened to Big Mom. As a result, several fissures start forming underneath the seas of Wano. Yamato catches Luffy as he changes back to normal and passes out, and he commends both Luffy and Momonosuke for their actions. Meanwhile, in the Flower Capital, the Fire Festival finally starts dying down. Tenguyama Hitetsu thinks back to earlier how Toko was making her sky lantern and how she found out that Shimotsuki Yasuie let himself get captured even though he knew he would be killed for his role as a daimyo in the past. When she asks why her father did such a thing, Hitetsu answered that he did so to give Wano another chance, otherwise the alliance wouldn’t have been able to fight this day. As she thinks back to the day he ate the same SMILE she did so they could forcefully smile together, Hitetsu tells her that he hoped she could live happily, and, touched by this, changes her lantern to instead read “Thank you Daddy” rather than “I wish to see you Daddy,” which Hitetsu considered a huge honor. As Nekomamushi watches the sky lanterns, he declares to everyone across Onigashima that Luffy had beaten Kaidou and Momonosuke stopped Onigashima from crash landing, and though the samurai were surprised to learn Momonosuke was a Devil Fruit eater, everyone was thrilled to learn that the war with the Beasts Pirates was finally over, and they were able to prevail over two of the four Emperors. As everyone celebrates, Usopp brings the unconscious Kin’emon and Kikunojo to Chopper to treat, as does Franky bring Zoro to him, and Miyagi and Tristan report that several others need his attention, which he asks them for help with. Outside Wano, Momonosuke tells Zunesha that he has decided to not open Wano’s borders yet, and Zunesha accepts his wishes. He thanks him as he senses what he believes is an earthquake. The Beasts Pirates, however, refuse to believe that Kaidou has lost since they are the crew of an Emperor, and still believe they have the advantage in numbers. Franky almost continues fighting, but Brook holds him back as Yamato steps up and tells the Beasts Pirates that everyone would have died if Onigashima fell like Kaidou intended, and if they seriously want to keep fighting the people who saved them, he will personally take them down himself. Everyone then starts feeling the ground shake, and Babanuki is informed that unusual activity was occurring on the surface of the sea. Just then, a huge eruption occurs under the sea, and Luffy is officially declared the victor of the decisive battle. The people in the Flower Capital witness the explosion and become confused by both it and Onigashima outside. As everyone starts questioning what’s going on, Momonosuke appears before his people, who initially mistake him for Kaidou, but he clarifies that he isn’t him, and that the eruption was Kaidou’s final send off. He changes back to his human form as several other people appear from the smoke, among them Hiyori in her “Komurasaki” guise, which surprises everyone as they all thought she was dead, and then Denjiro, who everyone still thinks is “Kyoshiro.” Denjiro tells everyone that the story is long, but he first wants everyone to meet Wano’s new shogun.  