The people of the Flower Capital start to calm down after realizing that the large pink dragon they saw was not Kaidou, and following "Komurasaki" and "Kyoshiro" is Kinemon, Kawamatsu, Inuarashi, Nekomamushi, Raizo, Shinobu, and Kikunojo, who the people recognize as the Nine Red Scabbards. Shocked by this unexpected turn of events, the people start clamoring for a Picture Tanishi to transmit this historical development across Wano. Near Onigashimas crash site, Yamato finally meets the rest of the Straw Hats, and while some were surprised to learn he was Kaidous child, he assures them that he is not their enemy, and from here on out, he will be joining the Straw Hat Pirates; Usopp and Nami react with shock, Franky confusion, Brook and Sanji with glee, and Robin with amusement. Jinbe, however, says he is not convinced until Luffy gives the say so, which Yamato accepts, though right now, Luffy and Zoro are being treated by Chopper. Yamato notices some Beasts Pirates fleeing and he and other Gifters yell for them to stay put. Usopp then asks Tama how long her Devil Fruit powers last, and she reveals that the tamed Gifters will turn back to normal after a month. She also says that the animals get to choose what life they prefer as some stay tamed, and Speed confirms this saying she wants to remain by Tamas side, which she happily accepts, though she asks her to become her mother rather than her servant, which Speed becomes touched by. In the transmission, Momonosuke steps forward as the group bow to him, where he announces to all of Wano what has transpired. The citizens of Wano are shocked to learn he is the son of Kozuki Oden; he continues to announce that they are now free from the tyrannical reign of Kaidou and Kurozumi Orochi, and they will no longer have to charge to drink clean water, that there will be no more slavery and the factories that polluted their once beautiful land will be destroyed. This causes Tama to think back to when her parents died working in the factories and how she was eventually found by Tenguyama Hitetsu, who assured her that the Kozuki Familys warriors would return, which gave her the strength to keep going. In the present, she cries into Namis arms as she remembers Luffys promise to her. Momonosuke tells the people that on his voyage he met a powerful and passionate friend; together the formed the Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance and invaded Onigashima. To everyones surprise, Momonosuke announced that Kaidou, Orochi and the Beast Pirates have all been defeated; The people of Wano cheer as they are finally free of those villains. Though Momonosuke starts to grow nervous, he pushes through and announces his name, and his adult-form is finally shown, where he declares himself Wanos new shogun; he asks the people of Wano to lend him their strength and together they will return Wano to glory. Everyone is brought to tears by Momonosukes proclamation as Momonosuke reassures himself that he will keep his promise to his parents, after which he embraces his younger sister for a long-awaited hug. As Momonosuke and the group walk away, the narration reveals that Momonosuke will become known as Wanos greatest shogun.  