The Five Elders discuss two recent major developments in Wano Country after being informed by the remaining CP0 agent: the emergence of Nika and the subsequent defeat of Big Mom and Kaidou during the Raid on Onigashima. An Elder commented that the reveal of such information would be impossible to censor and are asking the other Elders what to do. Meanwhile, the CP0 agent Joseph, who had returned to the World Government fleet stationed outside Wano, reported that Zunesha has left the area. Another Elder responds that the country will keep its borders closed and that an invasion will be thwarted, yet still asks the agent to capture Nico Robin. However, the agent is unable to hear the latter when their signal is being jammed, by a mysterious voice who states for them to stay in position as they will be there soon. At the Onigashima castle, X Drake encounters Basil Hawkins who is barely able to stand. Hawkins learns that Drake is still a member of the Marines but the latter refuses to confirm. Hawkins then sits leaning at a pillar and reveals to Drake that he worked for Kaidou because he would not stand a chance if he refused. However, he also acknowledges how Eustass Kid and Killer continued resisting despite certain death. He then reveals to Drake that the "certain man" who has a one percent of surviving the raid was himself. He then faints. Seven days have passed since the end of the raid and the Fire Festival. At a school in the Flower Capital, a new teacher has replaced Sarahebi and revises the entire history course with a lesson on the life of Kozuki Oden. The citizens also learn that Komurasaki was Kozuki Hiyori and that Kawamatsu saved her from the burning castle. They also enjoy clean drinking water and an abundance of food. They also discuss that the man who defeated Kaidou was someone named Joy Boy but thought that he is no longer in the country. Meanwhile, at the graveyard in Ringo, Kawamatsu and Kinemon discuss the building of a temple dedicated to Kozuki Oden, including his fellow Daimyo and ending with a tribute to Ashura Doji and Izou. Onimaru returns to Kawamatsu and Marco has also arrived at the temple. They also take into account those who are injured and prayed for their recovery. Yamato is seen sitting at the top of the former Orochi Castle. He is then overjoyed after hearing from Hiyori that both Luffy and Zoro are awake and have fully recovered while kicking Momonosuke in the face. Luffy and Zoro also fails to acknowledge the grown Momonosuke and attempts to grab Nami to comfort him, only to be sent flying. Sanji and Brook then mock Momonosuke that they are "welcoming him into the adult world" and that he can no longer have the "privilege" of staying with Nami. Yamato also teases him by putting a plate on his head. Nami then invites Yamato to take a bath together noting that his prayers have been answered, but the latter refuses because there are no shared baths in the castle. Sanji also learns that Hiyori cleaned Zoro while he was recovering which turned into a brawl between the two. Amidst the commotion, Kikunojo then joins the women in Yamatos stead. Yamato then joins the men as they bathed in the Castle onsen, which caused Sanji to have another nosebleed. Nami then joins the female retainers in the female end of the onsen. After the bath, the citizens decide to celebrate the return of the Kozuki Family as the Shogun of Wano. Meanwhile, Franky and Usopp are joined by Minatomo in fixing the ships as well as the General Franky at the Tokage Port in Udon. Bepo and Killer are amazed by Frankys robot but Kid and Law and the rest of their crews not to become too attached with the other groups. Scratchmen Apoo then arrives being carried by Inbi. He brought a copy of the days Newspaper, the headline being the so-called "New Emperors of the Sea" and their new bounties. Meanwhile, Ryokugyu is floating in the air near the Wano mainland. He is talking with Sakazuki and was told not to cause any more commotions.  