In Mary Geoise, one of the Five Elders is yelling at a marine telling him to reprint the newspapers and change the image of Luffys bounty and remove the D. from his name. The marine tells him that the photo was sent in by CP0 agent Joseph. He also says that they cant contact the printing company. As the elder tells him to cease distribution of the newspapers, Morgans is seen laughing and saying that its up to him to spread this news "around the globe". He also says that Cipher Pols transmission from Wano Country broke off right after they encountered the Big Mom Pirates ship.  As a result, news of Big Mom and Kaidou’s defeats spread all across the world and the three responsible for it; Monkey D. Luffy, Eustass “Captain” Kid, and Trafalgar D. Water Law, were issued huge bounties as a result: 3,000,000,000 Bellies each! This news shocks the Heart and Kid Pirates as Scratchmen Apoo asks where Kid is going off to, and Killer suspects what he wants as he and the rest of the crew go off to celebrate, while Law calls the situation complicated. In the castle at the Flower Capital, a cook is seen making dishes for the big party. Jinbe is the only person in there and is drinking sake. Luffy, Yamato and Chopper are having fun at the party and eating while Brook is having a concert playing "Moon Princess", the song that Kozuki Hiyori used to play on the shamisen. Meanwhile, in the castle basement, Tenguyama Hitetsu finds Robin looking around. She asks why his collection of Kokeshi Dolls are in the basement, and he reveals that it was once his secret hobby room before becoming his prison, as it also has a Poneglyph present. Robin questions what he means since she thought he was a swordsman, to which he admitted he had talent in smithing but found it simply as a hobby since governing was so weary for him. That is when he takes off his mask and reveals that he is actually the former shogun Kozuki Sukiyaki! Robin is shocked, and asks him if Momonosuke knows that he is still alive, to which Sukiyaki replies that he doesnt and that he has no plans to tell him out of shame for letting the country be overtaken by Orochi, although Sukiyaki suspects that his retainers have probably already deduced his identity. He says that when he got out and saw the state of Wano he planned on committing seppuku there and then, but Robin cuts off his sentence by telling him that the Poneglyph in the Arabasta Kingdom revealed that the ancient weapon, Pluton, rests in Wano Country and she asks him if it truly does. Sukiyaki confirms, saying that it is in fact in Wano. At the former prison mine in Udon, Admiral Ryokugyu, whose real name is “Aramaki”, has subdued all of the Beasts Pirates imprisoned there, including King and Queen. It turns out he has the ability to turn his fingers into roots, which he uses to drain all of them of their liquids, and other liquids nearby. Ryokugyu picks up a transmission and notifies the Marines to bring a warship to Wano, and also to not tell Sakazuki what he is doing before hanging up. Afterwards, he reveals that he finds Sakazuki’s extreme methods cool and wants his approval, which he thinks he can achieve if he brings him Luffy’s head.  Speaking of, Luffy congratulates the Ninja-Samurai-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance, retainers, yakuza, and all of Wano for their outstanding victory. As Momonosuke watches, he remembers Luffy telling him not to tell the people who he is because he doesn’t want to be called a “hero”. That’s when Kid arrives announcing his intent to kill Luffy, but Luffy quickly grabs him and everyone starts partying.  After a bit, though, Kid breaks free of Luffy’s grip as he tells him he cares nothing for the party and simply came to kill him, though he does tell him that the outside world has announced the names of the new Emperors, which are “Red Haired” Shanks, “Blackbeard” Teach, Luffy himself, and, in a surprising twist, “Jester Clown” Buggy!  As for Ryokugyu, he approaches the Capital while hearing the festivities, but says that he isn’t in the festive mood considering the state the whole world is in now.  