Inside the Flower Capitals castle, Raizo and Shinobu are being nursed back to health by Miyagi and Tristan while Kinemon is forced to admit Ryokugyu had a good point when referring to Kaidous presence keeping enemies at bay. He apologizes to the patients for not being there, before Nekomamushi brushes it off and asks Kinemon how Tsurujo was doing. Kinemon explains that she is safe and sound with only a serious burn on her face despite Okobore Town having burned down. He blushes while acknowledging her beauty even after all those years, while Inuarashi, Kikunojo and Raizo express their feelings about Kinemons sentimentality. Meanwhile at the remains of Okobore Town, Tsurujo and Chocho talk about Kinemons return, and how Tsurujo plans to move back to the Flower Capital so she can continue to remain by her husbands side. Carrot is then called to the castle and is announced to be the new ruler of Mokomo Dukedom, much to her shock. Inuarashi and Nekomamushi explain this decision by telling her that they chose to stay in Wano to serve Momonosuke and leave the next era in her and the others hands due to her experience at sea. Carrot disapproves, saying there are so many people stronger than her, but the Inuarashi Musketeer Squad and Wanda back up the decision by saying its their job to protect their country and that most importantly, she carries Pedros will within her heart. Later, Kozuki Sukiyaki shows himself to his grandchildren and the Scabbards, assuming all of the samurai knew as well (which was true except for Kinemon, who internally expresses surprise to his survival). Sukiyaki tells them he can teach them a few things, but will mostly stay secluded from the public, wanting to leave the future to them. In another room, Franky and the rest of the Straw Hats learn from Robin that Pluton is indeed in Wano, but she hasnt seen it yet. Robin asks Luffy if he desires to obtain it, and he refuses, citing he doesnt need it, but Robin is left questioning why Oden wanted to unleash it on the world. A youthful-looking woman then butts into the conversation, which is revealed to be Shinobu, having regained her youthful form following Ryokugyus attack. She is accompanied by Tama, who has become her kunoichi apprentice. Tama asks Luffy if she can join his crew, and he accepts following she masters ninjutsu. Caribou, who was eavesdropping nearby, is shocked by the truth about Pluton, and must let a certain person know about it. A few days later, the Flower Capital becomes busy again. At the castle, Momonosuke barges into a room to ask Zoro to teach him some sword techniques, only to find no one. He searches around the castle, and learns from Hiyori and Toko that they already left, having said goodbye to everyone except him and Kinemon. At Udons Tokage Port, Luffy, Law and Kid choose their next destinations via Log Pose, the former two separating themselves due to their alliance having come to an end. Both Luffy and Kid pick to go east, while Law decides to go northeast, reasoning that it is the shortest route to reach an island. Luffy and Kid pick straws to decide who gets to pick the middle log, and Luffy loses while rubbing into Kids face he is now an Emperor even though he lost. While on the subject of Emperors, Kid takes out a flyer and voices his strong dislike for Buggy and his new organization: Cross Guild. With former Warlords Crocodile and Dracule Mihawk as his subordinates, he has become a powerful enough figure to obtain the title of Emperor.  Zoro voices his disbelief that Mihawk would become subordinate to anyone, and Luffy just calls Buggy an idiot. Still, Kid reveals that hes using his company to assign bounties to members of the Marines, remarking how so much changed in the outside world while they were in Wano. Law gives Kid a rubbing of Wanos Road Poneglyph, and the latter reveals his crew had managed to take one from Whole Cake Island some time ago. Killer states that in order to take part in the upcoming war over One Piece, they need to find a "man with a burn mark." Luffy questions him about it, before Kid laughs as he tells Luffy they now have an advantage over him and his crew. Back at the castle, Momonosuke and Kinemon search for Yamato, who was on the roof the whole time. He announces his intent to join the Straw Hats and live like Kozuki Oden did.  