In the forest near Tokage Port, Momonosuke in dragon form is carrying Kin’emon and Yamato on his back as Momonosuke is surprised to learn that Yamato has chosen not to set sail with the Straw Hat Pirates. The two are confused by this since he made a declaration that his mind was made up, and Yamato explains that he wants to walk in Kozuki Oden’s footsteps, and he explored all of Wano first before he went out to sea, so he intends to start there too. Momonosuke becomes enraged that the Straw Hats were informed of all of this by him, yet they didn’t bother to say goodbye to his face directly, which causes him to accuse them of snubbing him on purpose. He thinks back to his life from when his home was destroyed by Kaidou to when he met Luffy, all their interactions, and ending with Luffy’s declaration that he would stop Kaidou. Both Momonosuke and Kin’emon angrily agree to punish Luffy for his apparent rudeness and lack of true friendship, but Yamato believes they are overreacting. They eventually reach Tokage Port, where the Straw Hats, Heart Pirates, and Kid Pirates prepare to set sail as Momonosuke transforms back into his human form and tackles Luffy to the ground, with Yamato also doing so albeit just to say goodbye to him. Kin’emon tells Luffy that his leaving without saying anything has upset the shogun, but Luffy simply says that it shouldn’t matter if they are talking right now. Momonosuke then tells Luffy that he wants him to stay in Wano while breaking down into tears, explaining that he’s scared about what the future holds without him since he helped him so much. Luffy, however, throws a flag on him, which Usopp painted the Straw Hats’ symbol on. Luffy reveals that they were waiting for him the whole time so they could give it to him, and though he looks like a man, he knows he is still a kid, but most of all, he sees him as a little brother. Luffy tells Momonosuke to look at the flag when times get tough to remember them by and to hang it up somewhere in Wano to intimidate anyone who threatens his home. Momonosuke tearfully asks if this means he is a member of their crew, and Luffy confirms, adding that when he, Kin’emon, and Yamato decide to become pirates, he will welcome them on board. The Thousand Sunny sets sail as the Straw Hats cheer Momonosuke on. Momonosuke turns to Kin’emon and tells him that he will surpass his father one day, which Kin’emon looks forward to. Once setting sail, Nami says they should head for the main port in Hakumai, that way they don’t have to ride the waterfall like last time, much to Chopper and Brook’s relief. Unfortunately, Kid taunts both Luffy and Law by saying that using such a safe method is for weaklings. This results in all three crews going down the waterfall, much to the frustration of the rest of the Straw Hats. In the Flower Capital, meanwhile, the tale of the Raid on Onigashima is told to an audience of Wano citizens. The narrator says that the strength of the three pirate captains was enough to vanquish Kaidou, who the "Dragon King" and Big Mom, who they called the “Yokai-possessed giant oiran.” The narrator also says that during the battle, Hiyori was accosted by Orochi only to be struck down for good by Denjiro. He goes on to say that Onigashima fell along with Kaidou and freed the suffering country from their 20 years of hell. Suddenly, though, Orochi used the last of his life to tell Hiyori that the burning grudge of the Kurozumi Family will curse Wano for eternity, but Hiyori, unfazed, approached him and told him that “Kurozumi” means “charcoal”; the Kurozumi were born to burn. The audience then roars with approval as Hiyori and Toko themselves appear to play music, as the tale concludes. In the last scene, the arc concludes with Momonosuke wondering where they should put the Straw Hats’ flag as the curtain closes.  