The Straw Hat Pirates read the news and discover the allegation that Sabo killed Nefertari Cobra. Immediately, Luffy yells that he doesn’t believe Sabo would do such a thing, and Robin sides with him, revealing that the Revolutionary Army’s enemy is the World Nobles, not regular kings. They also read that Vivi has gone missing, and Luffy orders that course be set for Arabasta right now. Zoro tells him that it is pointless because Vivi was last seen in Mary Geoise, but Luffy simply says they head there instead while Zoro kicks over a chained-up barrel that has Caribou inside. Zoro reminds Luffy that Mary Geoise is the den of their enemy, but Luffy simply calls him a chicken while Zoro retorts that they need more information. Sanji sobs over Vivi’s condition while Chopper laments that her father was dead, as he was nice to them back in Arabasta, something Usopp agrees with. Nami is also worried for Vivi’s safety as well, and Jinbe comments how tumultuous the Levely was. Franky and Brook state they don’t believe Sabo killed Cobra, with Brook even adding he’s never known anyone displeased with the sand kingdom. At that point, Nami bursts into tears and Luffy yells they need to save her, but Zoro demands everyone calm down. He asks Luffy if he remembers telling them that Ace had his own adventures and how he trusted him to handle himself up until he absolutely needed help. As such, he feels Vivi should be treated the same way because he knows how tough she is. Luffy, Nami, Chopper, and Sanji, however, retort that he can’t stop them from worrying about her and start name-calling him, leading to a fight between him and Sanji once again. Robin, meanwhile, says that so much transpired while they were in Wano, particularly that the abolishment of the Seven Warlords of the Sea sent Crocodile, Buggy, and Dracule Mihawk back out to sea and lead to the founding of Cross Guild and Buggy’s ascension as Emperor (which Luffy correctly deduces was due to a mixup). Robin asks Luffy if he wants to hear about the others listed in the paper, and he says he will leave it in her care and to alert him if there is anything big to keep his eye on, which she accepts. Luffy lays down on his back and once again says that Sabo is innocent, even telling everyone about how his dream was so no one would get their freedom taken away from them like his was as a kid. He reminisces over the day he, Sabo, and Ace made an oath and Luffy tells everyone what he told them, resulting in a surprised reaction from everyone, with Usopp saying what Luffy wants is impossible despite his beliefs. It then occurs to Luffy that he had never actually told them what he told his brothers and Shanks, but simply says that at the end of his dream, that is what he wants. The crew’s reactions become one of encouragement and Franky declares they are off to Laugh Tale, but Robin reminds him that they need one more Road Poneglyph, and even then, no one has seen it in years. Meanwhile, at Marine HQ, the Marines track where Sabo is calling Momoiro Island from, and learn it is Lulusia Kingdom, one of the nations the Revolutionary Army helped rebel. The Five Elders remark on this development and call him “unfortunate”. On Momoiro Island, Sabo apologizes for the trouble he caused and confirms he did not kill Cobra, but he saw something unbelievable. Specifically, he saw someone sit on the Empty Throne. All the while, the people of the kingdom were noticing the sky getting darker, while the ousted king and his daughter demanded to be released. That someone, Im, proceeds to cross off Lulusia on a map and the Five Elders order the signal to the Surveillance Den Den Mushis be cut, and as far as the Marines should be concerned, nothing abnormal was detected and no information was intercepted, and as far as anyone should be concerned about, Lulusia Kingdom never existed, as something ginormous lands on and completely obliterates the island. This cuts Sabo’s connection to the army off, leaving his ultimate fate unknown. A few days later, the Straw Hats are sailing in the climate range of a nearby Winter Island as the seas are filled with icebergs and strong winds. They then notice a huge column of water in the air, which Nami says is a warm eddy being forced upwards. Nami tells Jinbe to get everyone away but Luffy and Sanji sense a woman trapped in the current. Zoro cuts the current in half using One-Sword Style: Yakkodori as Chopper walks out and gets swept away by the wind. Luffy’s attempt to save him results in him getting swept away too, but the woman gets blown out of the current, and she turns out to be Jewelry Bonney (in her child form), with a new bounty of 320 million.  