Luffy grabs Jewelry Bonney by the ankle as she wakes up gasping for air. However, she reveals not only was she being chased by a monster underwater, but that monster was now below the Thousand Sunny. She tells the crew to look down and they do so to see a horrifying monster about to swallow them whole. They are able to get out of the way as the monster, which seems to be a giant metal shark, breaks the surface of the water and knocks the ship into the air. Jinbe notices that Luffy, Chopper, and Bonney have fallen into the sea, and he asks Franky to take the helm while he dives in to rescue them. Franky activates the Thousand Sunnys Keel Attachment: Rabbit Screw Propeller, and starts moving the ship away from the shark at rapid speed, but the shark fires several torpedoes at the ship, causing it to capsize and knocking everyone into the water. Jinbe grabs the three as he hears the explosion, and when he resurfaces, he sees that the current is too strong for any ship to steer through. The shark opens fire on him but he has the three Devil Fruit users take a deep breath before he dives back down. The other Straw Hats, meanwhile, are unable to get back to the surface because of the currents strength, and just as the shark is about to eat everyone, a large robot appears from behind it and bashes it. Meanwhile, on a nearby island resides Marine Base G-14, where Tashigi is caring for the children rescued from Punk Hazard. As Mocha says that she and the others have gone down in size, Tashigis attention is interrupted by the G-14 commander and Vice Admiral Doll, who demands she do something to silence Helmeppo. Tashigi says she cannot since she understands that he is worried about Koby, as is herself. Sure enough, Helmeppo and Marine HQ Commander Hibari (both of whom are part of SWORD) are begging Marine HQ Rear Admiral and fellow SWORD member Prince Grus to go with them to Hachinosu to rescue Koby. Grus refuses because of the fact that Hachinosu is Blackbeards home turf. When Helmeppo suggests they get some Seraphim since they are so close to Egghead, Grus once again shoots down his idea, saying that no one is in any position to act, especially with them unable to contact Drake either. For now, all they can do is just try to remain calm until the situation changes. With Luffys group, Jinbe was able to get everyone to land, and while everyone dries off, Bonney, who has returned to her adult form, reminds Luffy that she is also a member of the Worst Generation, but while she considers him her enemy, she does thank him for saving her. She does ask about his wanted poster looking different, but all Luffy says is that is how he looks when he is "free." She asks if he is worried about his crew and he says he is not since he trusts them completely, which causes Jinbe to ask her where her crew and ship are. Bonney tells him that she came alone and her ship was eaten by the metal shark, before stating that she is hungry. Luffy realizes he is too and says they should find a restaurant, but Bonney reveals to him that they are nowhere near one, as the island they are residing on right now is Egghead, the World Government-owned island that houses Dr. Vegapunks research lab. She then tells Luffy that she has business with Vegapunk, which is why she is here. As for the rest of the crew, the large robot picks up the Thousand Sunny, saving everyone from drowning. Everyone is surprised to see such a large machine as a woman steps out from the cockpit complaining about how she failed to program the metal shark to only scout, report, and fire on any ship it sees, but not to eat them, as it keeps her from salvaging them. Franky thanks her for saving them, but she clarifies that she was not trying to save them, especially since she works for the World Government. She then introduces herself as Dr. Vegapunk, leaving the entire crew in awe.  