Reeling off the womans declaration that she is Dr. Vegapunk, Franky tells her that he really respects Vegapunks work, considering that he spent the two years separated from the crew in Baldimore learning from his projects. Usopp, meanwhile, is gushing over the womans giant robot, and Sanji is elated to see that Dr. Vegapunk is a gorgeous woman. Robin, however, voices her suspicions that the woman is Dr. Vegapunk since she has never heard of the doctor being female. She also states that she is too young to be him as well. The woman confirms Robins suspicions by revealing that she is not the "Stella," which is Dr. Vegapunks main body; she is Punk-02 "Lilith". Lilith tells the Straw Hat Pirates that her research budget is always strained, so she will release everyone and conclude her business with the Straw Hats if they hand over their valuables. Nami rebukes this notion and demands she continue saving them, but Lilith once again states she wasnt trying to save them. In fact, she considers them all trespassers and that every ship that comes near gets destroyed by her army of Sea Beast weapons, which she summons to surround everyone. Everyone starts panicking, except for Franky, Zoro, Robin, and to a lesser extent, Sanji, just as Lilith receives a call from someone. The person on the other end is called "Shaka," who tells her she has no pride as a scientist by plundering. Lilith tells him to shut up because shes focusing on their budget, but Shaka informs her that shes dealing with the Straw Hat Pirates, who were just announced as an Emperors crew. Lilith states she knows, meaning they must have treasure onboard which is why shes robbing them, but Shaka tells her that shes underestimating them, especially since Zoro and Robin are acting so calmly because they know that even if theyre surrounded, they can handle the Sea Beast weapons. Lilith realizes shes at a disadvantage, ashamed that she underestimated an Emperors crew so quickly and easily, as Zoro informs Dr. Vegapunk that they have some demands for him. Interested with the pirates to begin with, Shaka agrees to accommodate the crew and asks they be brought to him. Meanwhile, on Egghead Island, Jewelry Bonney reveals to Luffy that she has been to the island before when she was a kid. As the group make their way up to the islands surface, Bonney tells them that Dr. Vegapunk turned her father (who, unbeknownst to them, is Bartholomew Kuma) into a cyborg, which Luffy at first says is cool, until Bonney clarifies that her father has lost all sense of self because of it, and she wants answers from Dr. Vegapunk regarding it, even saying she will kill him if she doesnt like what she hears. The group make it to the surface as Luffy and Chopper immediately try to find something to eat, while Bonney remembers she saw Sabo at Mary Geoise, but she decides not to tell Luffy yet. They are left in awe of the theme park on the island, which also contains a giant robot and a giant space alien. Luffy slingshots himself towards the monster, which seemingly eats him, only for Luffy to harmlessly pass through it. Though initially confused, his, Bonneys, and Choppers attention is turned to a giant parfait and other sweets. However, their attempts to eat it results in them also passing through it harmlessly. Even more confused, Bonney realizes that the sweets they see are holograms; 3-D images made of light, in other words, its not real. Though this explains why Luffy wasnt hurt by the monster since it was a hologram too, he becomes furious over the food trick. Chopper then notices a machine with various food signs on it, but Bonney thinks its another hologram. Jinbe then speaks up and says that he noticed that the waters surrounding the island were cold, yet the island feels very warm. Just then, a large girl appears and explains that that is because she created an "Island A.C." to control the temperature of the island itself. Luffy is shocked by the large woman and attacks her thinking shes a hologram too, only for the girl to punch him back in annoyance and knock him into the machine Chopper and Bonney were looking at. This results in the machine creating some food, which they quickly realize is real, and they proceed to start feasting on the machines creations. The girl tells the group that the machine is called the "Automatic Cooking Machine," which can produce over 500 different meals at rapid speed, provided theres enough food material. She also tells the three of them that she appreciates that they like her machine, but she says that it will only work if it is built according to the specs, and there arent enough people, resources, or money in the world who can mass produce it, a sentiment shared by her A.C. unit. Her frustration over this fact causes her to punch the holographic monster, which surprises everyone. She explains that she has "Light-Pressure Gloves," which allow her to come into contact with light images as if they were real. Jinbe finally asks who the girl is, and she introduces herself as Dr. Vegapunk, specifically, Punk-05 "Atlas"! Everyone is left in shock by this, particularly Bonney, who assumes she is lying. Elsewhere, CP0 agents Rob Lucci, Stussy, and Kaku are en-route to Egghead Island with a Seraphim resembling Bartholomew Kuma. Kaku informs Lucci that while there is only one Dr. Vegapunk, his constant busy schedule leaves him not enough time to do everything. As such, he created six "satellite" bodies to split himself into, thereby giving himself more hands, even though they are all him. Lucci comment that he feel like the weird one for being only one thinking that it impossible and how geniuses are such a pain and says that their mission is to first return the Seraphim to the island, then eliminate every one of Dr. Vegapunks bodies while keeping his lab intact. Lucci asks if the reason the World Government wants the smartest man in the world eliminated is because of the Lulusia Kingdom incident, but Stussy and Kaku remind him that they are not supposed to ask questions.  