Bonney, Luffy, and Chopper finally finish stuffing themselves, with Atlas commenting on how huge everyone is now (though Jinbe points out that he was always rather large). A mechanical dog called the “Recycle-Cur” starts eating up the trash as Atlas goes back to work. After she leaves, the group notice some other people walking around and Bonney assumes they are assistants of some kind. Jinbe asks why they are appearing now since the whole place was empty just a minute ago, but his attention is turned to Luffy, whose outfit has now changed into something similar to what Atlas and the others are wearing. Luffy remarks on how good the clothes feel as Bonney asks where he got them, to which Luffy shows her another one of Dr. Vegapunks inventions which generate clothes. Bonney uses it and changes hers to a battle uniform of some kind. Chopper changes into something similar while Jinbe dons a tropical shirt. Just as Bonney is about to part ways with the Straw Hats, Luffy sees what he thinks is Bartholomew Kuma coming towards them wearing a police outfit. The Pacifista charges for the group and attacks them, stating that they have actually stolen those clothes. The group gets out of the way as Luffy decides to fight back. Just as he is about to attack the Pacifista, Bonney stops him and tells the three that Kuma is her father and the only family she has left. The Straw Hats are left shocked by this revelation as Bonney continues to plead with them to not hurt her father, but just as the Pacifista is about to fire on her, Luffy charges at her telling her that that is not the real Kuma, as the Pacifista blows open a hole on the island. Meanwhile, in a certain sea in the New World, the Blackbeard Pirates have ambushed the Heart Pirates. The Polar Tang starts taking on water as Law tries to find a place for him and his crew to escape to. All of a sudden, Law turns into a woman. And soon, the rest of his crew start turning too. As everyone tries to get a grip on the situation, the ship surfaces and Law turns back to normal, having learned from his fight with Kaidou and Big Mom that any Devil Fruit power can be overwhelmed by a great deal of Haki, which he used on himself. As the crew reach land, the doctor of the Blackbeard Pirates, Doc Q, comments on how Law was able to nullify his Feminization Disease he infected the crew with. As it turns out, Doc Q had eaten the Shiku Shiku no Mi, which allows him to craft and spread any kind of sickness. Also with him were Van Augur and Jesus Burgess, both of whom consumed Devil Fruits as well; the Wapu Wapu no Mi for Augur, which allows him to teleport people, and the Riki Riki no Mi for Burgess, which gives him inhuman levels of strength. Augur warps Burgess to the island, where the latter picks up a mountain to throw at the Heart Pirates. Law manages to destroy it as Blackbeard comes flying in on Doc Q and his horse Stronger, which had consumed the Uma Uma no Mi, Model: Pegasus, a Mythical Zoan fruit that gives Stronger wings. Blackbeard greets Law as the latter demands to know what the former wants. Blackbeard states that he knew one of the three of them would end up on this particular island after leaving Wano, but he was not sure who. He tells Law that he suspects he claimed Kaidous Road Poneglyph and that he plans on claiming it for himself. Law accepts Blackbeards challenge saying the winner takes all.  