As Blackbeard gears up for another attack, Law tells Hakugan to take charge of the Polar Tang while Shachi and Penguin jump into the water. Blackbeard unleashes a Gurash that pushes down the Heart Pirates on land, but not before Law uses R-ROOM: Amputate to cut Stronger in half, causing Blackbeard to fall off as he admits his surprise to Laws Awakened abilities. Doc Q falls as well, but he manages to throw his basket of explosive apples at the Heart Pirates, only for Penguin to shoot a torrent of water at the bombs, destroying them in mid-air, to Doc Qs shock. Penguin tells the Blackbeard Pirates that because he and the others grew up in the frigid North Blue port, they have the advantage in a sea battle. Bepo then uses his incredible hearing to tell Jean Bart about Van Augurs incoming shot on Law, prompting him to use himself as a shield to protect his captain, which Augur comments on what a tough guard he has. Law then uses K-ROOM: Shock Wille to stab and zap Blackbeard from the inside out as Augur uses his powers to warp to his position. Augur tells Blackbeard that his injuries are a result of him charging in without a plan, and suggests they retreat. Blackbeard refuses and has Augur warp him to where Law is, as the latter comments on how Blackbeard managed to acquire Devil Fruit powers for all of his officers. Law points out the one weakness all Devil Fruit users share, but Blackbeard simply says that the trade-off is worth it. The Polar Tang, meanwhile, starts attacking Blackbeards ship, with some Blackbeard Pirate grunts growing a little panicked but calming down under the notion that Blackbeard will prevail. Their captive, Charlotte Pudding (who was captured by Kuzan and Augur at an earlier point in time), tells the grunts that if Big Mom is still alive, they wouldnt be acting so cocky, but they tell her that she is dead and they are fighting her killer, meaning that the new era is still being made. During Blackbeard and Laws clash, Sakazuki is informed of the battle, but is forced to wait to see the conclusion, causing him to call the job of being Fleet Admiral frustrating. On Egghead Island, Jewelry Bonney uses her Devil Fruit powers to age Luffy and Chopper to old men, while Jinbe and herself are aged to young children in order to throw the Pacifista off their trail. Luffy tells Bonney that she cant stop him from fighting the Pacifistas even if they look like Bartholomew Kuma, with Chopper scolding him and apologizing to Bonney, saying their previous run-ins with Pacifistas have been less than pleasant. Jinbe says that the Pacifistas are clones of Kuma, so it makes sense he would have a family. He then tells Bonney what he knows about Kuma so far. According to Jinbe, Kuma was a wicked king who ruled over Sorbet Kingdom before getting booted out by his people, after which he became a pirate. Later, he joined the Revolutionary Army until he was captured by the Marines and sentenced to life imprisonment. Dr. Vegapunk, however, found Kuma interesting, and as part of being allowed to be modified as a cyborg and cloned, he was granted freedom as one of the Warlords of the Sea. Bonney picks up a beam sword and tells Jinbe that the cloning and Warlord parts add up, but not the cyborg part, which she practically considers a death sentence. Jinbe admits this to be true but states that life imprisonment is one too, and wonders what crimes Kuma committed to award such a fate. Filled with rage, Bonney strikes at the three declaring that Kuma was never a tyrant; that he hated the World Government so much that he would never work for them, and believes he was experimented on by force. She returns to normal and changes the Straw Hats back too while revealing that Kuma told her that she came from a special race, but that doesnt give Dr. Vegapunk the right to experiment on him and practically kill him by taking away his free will. As for the Thousand Sunny, Lilith takes the crew high into the sky and drops them off on Egghead Island, with Labophase, the main research center, being situated on the clouds above the island, while the rest is referred to as the Fabriophase. As she mentions the trouble Luffy is causing at the lower level, Lilith brings herself and the crew to Labophase, where Zoro and Brook decide to watch the ship while the others head on. Lilith advises everyone to use the the Trancos to change clothes before heading into the lab though. Inside the lab, Shaka speaks with Monkey D. Dragon, where he tells him that since he is so smart, he can see into the future. He then tells Dragon that he fears his imminent death is approaching, so he wants him to hear him out.  