On the Thousand Sunny, Zoro tells Brook that the reason he chose to stay behind was he wants to make sure he can bail out the crew if they get caught, since they are on a World Government-affiliated island. Brook returns the sentiment regarding his decision to stay and the two drink some tea, while Caribou finally speaks up. He reveals that he made a deal with the crew for them to drop him off away from Wano, but he did not think they would head for a government island. Zoro, however, ignores his worries and tries to send him on his way, much to his anger. Inside the lab, Usopp and Nami revel at the moving stairs while Franky asks Lilith how everything is powered, to which she says it runs on fire. Franky says that that will run through many resources, which is why Lilith says she is always on the lookout for new sources. She then proceeds to walk through a wall before receiving a call from Edison. She goes on ahead as the rest of the Straw Hat Pirates walk through the wall too. Edison introduces himself and has everyone walk straight ahead. As they do so, Nami gushes at the idea that there may be “future treasure” on the island, which causes Usopp to comment that her tastes seem to vary between a little girl and an old woman, prompting Nami to angrily kick him. However, all five of them get their attention turned to an unexpected sight: one of the Seraphim units resembling Jinbe as a child. The group start hypothesizing what he could possibly be, but Franky ends up correctly deducing that they were facing another Pacifista. His suspicions are confirmed when the Seraph (labeled 04 S-Shark) fires a laser at the group, causing them all to scatter. As they recover, Usopp laments that they may have been lured into a trap while Nami pulls out Zeus. Unfortunately, she cannot bring herself to fight back since the Seraph looks like a child, prompting S-Shark to make the first move and dive into the ground, similar to Senor Pinks Sui Sui no Mi powers, which Franky remembers. S-Shark jumps out of the ground and grabs Nami by the neck, prompting an enraged Sanji to deliver a fiery kick to its face. Robin follows up with Gigante Fleur: Sea Serpent Snapdragon Spank, but S-Shark dodges and prepares to use Fish-Man Karate on her, but Usopp shoots S-Shark with Midori Boshi: Dokuro Bakuhatsu So. Unfortunately for him, S-Shark dodges and emerges from beneath Usopp, grabbing him. Sanji moves to save him but Franky opts to instead, firing Radical Beam at the Seraph. From afar, Edison watches the battle and is surprised to see Franky be able to use laser beams, which he considers risky for the Seraph since he has yet to put them through laser trials. Lilith, who was with him, agrees saying that Seraphim are expensive to make, furious at the fact that the crew might have caused irreversible damage to S-Shark. Edison then comes up with an idea and flies off to jot down the blueprints, leaving Pythagoras with the task of watching the fight. Pythagoras does so saying that battle data like this is hard to come by. As Edison works, he asks York to eat something, which she does. As the fight continues, Pythagoras comments that S-Sharks attack patterns continue to develop as it grows, indicating that ones lineage factor can store some of a persons recollections and capabilities. As he considers solutions to problems arising from the Seraphims accelerated growth, he grows uncomfortable due to needing to use the bathroom. Since he is so occupied right now, he leaves that task to York, who after finishing, says how relaxed she is, which Edison and Pythagoras also say. Meanwhile Atlas says she needs to punch something to help her digest. York then falls asleep. Eventually, Shaka arrives and orders S-Shark to stop, while also scolding Edison, Lilith, and Pythagoras for using the Straw Hats for collecting battle data. He also magnetically sticks everyones feet to the floor, which he says is because he still does not completely trust everyone. Shaka asks if everyone thinks the island looks like the future, to which Franky confirms he does. To his surprise, though, Shaka states that the island is actually of the past. When Franky inquires what he means, Shaka tells him that 900 years ago, there was a highly advanced kingdom that had more technology than today. Elsewhere, Luffys group comes across a junkyard and finds an ancient-looking but highly advanced robot, which Luffy and Chopper want to ride.  