Bonney asks Dr. Vegapunk what happened to his head, considering how its formerly enormous size last time they had seen each other. Vegapunk simply says that he cut it, a statement that leaves her flabbergasted that he can compare his head to simple hair. Vegapunk explains that he ate the Nomi Nomi no Mi, a Paramecia Devil Fruit that allows him to store every tiny detail of knowledge, which causes his brain to grow continuously with all the new information. Granted, he was already born a genius, the Devil Fruit simply expanded upon that. Chopper is left in awe over Vegapunks claim that his brain is still growing, even separated from his head, while Luffy asks if he became stupid after cutting it, which irritates Vegapunk. He explains that the apple attached to his head is an antenna, and it transmits information to the rest of his brain, which is contained in the backside of the giant egg on the island, which is dubbed “Punk Records”. Vegapunk also explains that each of the satellites are clones of him, each one containing an exact copy of one of his personalities, all increasing the amount of work he can do, and that once a day, he syncs their experiences and knowledge through Punk Records, which Jinbe believes is because they all share the same brain as him. Vegapunk says that Punk Records is very much like a giant library, in that people around the world can access his brain and help themselves to his incredible knowledge. He also believes if mankind can continuously update Punk Records, he could create a sea of knowledge far beyond his brain, with which he can share with all of the world. Chopper gushes over Vegapunk’s accomplishments, while Jinbe questions if he would encounter issues with ideology, which Vegapunk says should not be too focused on if one wishes to advance the field of science. Bonney, however, becomes livid, telling Vegapunk that he is still the same as when last they met: a man who is willing to sacrifice everything for the sake of science, like her father, Bartholomew Kuma. She draws the beam saber she picked up earlier on Vegapunk despite his claim that it is a failed product. She demands he turn Kuma back to normal as Jinbe tries to calm her down by reminding her how many enemies she will create if she kills the smartest man alive. Vegapunk then tells Bonney that the reason why the beam saber is a failed product is because it keeps attracting insects, and as if on cue, several of them swarm towards her, causing her to faint from shock. Chopper tries to check on her as Vegapunk admits Bonney has every reason to want him dead, but he shifts topics to that of his Artificial Devil Fruit, as he had heard rumors that there was another dragon in Wano other than Kaidou. Luffy confirms this as Vegapunk tells him that he considers it a failed experiment, even though he spent twenty years researching Kaidou’s Lineage Factor. Luffy, however, states that the Devil Fruit is not a failure because it allowed Momonosuke the same capabilities as Kaidou himself. Vegapunk, however, reveals that he considers it a failure because the dragon’s color is pink, in contrast to Kaidous azure, causing Jinbe to call him a die-hard perfectionist. Luffy asks Vegapunk if he can move the large robot they found, as he thinks he built it, but Vegapunk tells him he did not. He also reveals that it once attacked Mary Geoise 200 years ago, and was built more than 900 years ago. Vegapunk himself does not know why it was built, but he knows that it was not able to destroy Mary Geoise because it ran out of power. The researchers of the time were left wondering where it came from and what its objective was, but the World Government ordered it to be destroyed. The researchers, however, hid it to continue studying it across the generations. On the Labophase, it is revealed that the thing Shaka wanted to show the Straw Hats was the ancient robot itself, and that they saw and heard everything the real Vegapunk said. Robin remarks that 200 years ago was when Fish-Men discrimination started, and Shaka tells everyone that they built the large robot Lilith was piloting earlier, Vegaforce-01, based on everything they have learned from the ancient robot. His only problem is being unable to replicate its power source. For the moment though, the crew is relieved to see that Luffy is okay. Back with the original Vegapunk, the former admits he hurt Bonney, which Luffy agrees with, but he says there is something he wishes to give to her. He then asks Luffy if he can help him escape Egghead. Off the coast of the island, CP0 arrives and asks to be allowed to harbor. Stussy says that Jewelry Bonney is on Egghead as well, to whom Rob Lucci calls her an eyesore who has escaped multiple times. However, they see no more use from her and decide to kill her if they run across her. Pythagoras tells Shaka that the World Government is here and they have CP0 with them, Rob Lucci included. Lilith suggests he be let in, but Usopp and Nami demand he not be let in due to their past dealings with him. Shaka tells Pythagoras to intercept them and deny their request. On Momoiro Island, Kuma starts moving, perplexing the Revolutionary Army. Despite not being able to move properly, he still tries to run off, collapsing and getting back up multiple times. This causes Dragon and Ivankov to ask him to stay, as their battle as the Revolutionary Army is now beginning.  