Bartholomew Kuma crashes into the Red Line and falls to the Red Port. His sudden return after escaping Mary Geoise throws the ports citizens into confusion and turmoil. As he stands up despite the damage to his body, an announcement advises the citizens to avoid him and to evacuate the area. The Marines are contacted to confront him as his current programming and purpose are unknown. On Egghead, despite having ordered the troops and Seraphim to block off all possible escape routes, Rob Lucci says that the Frontier Dome is a real nuisance to him. Stussy asks Lucci if he is serious about ignoring the Marines order to wait for backup. Lucci confirms, stating he does not acknowledge Luffy as an Emperor. Meanwhile, in Labophase, Shaka comments that CP0 is blocking off all exits, and has most likely destroyed all ships they could use to escape. Lilith is excited, however, at the prospect of fighting back and avenging Atlas, but Pythagoras points out that CP0 cannot reach them. Shaka advises Lilith against going out to attack them. Edison announces a new invention idea, while York asks if something fun is happening. Lilith asks Shaka why they cannot fight back, and Shaka tells her that their main objective is ensuring that Dr. Vegapunk, who is the main body, escapes unharmed. As such, he views himself and the other Satellites as expendable (a statement with which Vegapunk himself seems to disagree) but feels that Lilith running off on her own will just cause more trouble. Vegapunk apologizes to Sentomaru for what happened to him. When Pythagoras mentions another ally on the island, Edison advises against it because calling said ally would mean they would have no place to hide if they end up in the World Governments sights. Nonetheless, Vegapunk calls the ally and they respond that they will help, as they have been waiting for this day. Edison remarks that escape should be easy now and Lilith says she will take everyone to the port with Vegaforce-01. Vegapunk then turns to the Straw Hats (whom he has finally freed) and asks that they take all seven of them to the Thousand Sunny, with mixed feelings from the crew. Meanwhile, in the labs interior, Luffy and Chopper are chasing after Jewelry Bonney, who mistakenly believes Vegapunk used bugs against her on purpose. Luffy tries to stop her because he promised to help Vegapunk escape unharmed just as he hears a noise. For some reason, the Frontier Domes defenses have turned off. CP0 takes advantage of this sudden malfunction and infiltrates Labophase. After spotting the Thousand Sunny, Kaku tries to destroy it with Rankyaku "Amane Dachi", but it gets blocked by Zoro, who was woken up from his nap in response. Kaku is surprised to see his old adversary again. As the Satellites get the Frontier Dome back online, they realize that they were too late in keeping CP0 out. They also notice that unless they do something, they may lose their ride off the island, which means they may have to fight back. Luffy, Chopper, and Jinbe eventually reunite with the rest of the crew, and Luffy learns that they plan on leaving soon. He asks if they have seen Bonney, and Robin realizes Dr. Vegapunk is missing. As it turns out, Bonney is chasing Vegapunk, who desperately asks her to listen to what he has to say. Bonney refuses and demands to know if Vegapunk can turn Kuma back to the way he was. Vegapunk confesses that it is impossible to do so, but adds that there is a reason for it. Somewhere in the New World, the Kid Pirates find themselves approaching Elbaf, while at G-14 Marine HQ, Doll tells Monkey D. Garp that she cannot afford to spare any of her men, especially since he plans on confronting Blackbeard. Garp tells her to not be so uptight as she asks if he cleared his mission with the brass, which he says he did not, much to her dismay. Still, he announces that he has already arrived at the base, and he then calls for Helmeppo. The former tells Garp that Koby has been kidnapped and how powerless he feels that he could not stop it, but Garp tells him to get on board as he plans on launching an attack on Hachinosu to rescue him.  