Jewelry Bonney changes into a child and starts crying that she broke something. Feeling sympathetic, Dr. Vegapunk walks up to her to see if she is okay and calls for medical attention, but this turns out to be a trap from Bonney; once Vegapunk gets close enough, she changes her appearance to look muscular using a special move called Distorted Future, and tries to attack Vegapunk with a pipe. She misses as Vegapunk pleads with her to spare him, but she uses another attack called Age Skewer, and this time, she hits Vegapunk. As a result, Vegapunk’s age gets literally knocked out of him and assumes various shapes, while Vegapunk himself regresses to that of an infant. Bonney picks up the now helpless scientist and explains that her powers do not affect living things permanently, but now she wants him to tell her exactly why he took Bartholomew Kuma’s personality from him. Vegapunk says that if he does tell her, the truth will only hurt her. He also tells her that he promised Kuma to keep his secret from her no matter what. As he says that, Kuma himself starts climbing the Red Line. He gets blown off but continues to fight back against the Marines. Back at Egghead Island, Bonney refuses to believe Vegapunk’s words, especially when he says that Kuma voluntarily gave up his humanity, but no matter how hard she tries, he refuses to say anything more about his “secret”. Bonney then sees a huge door with a bear paw print on it, and deduces it is connected to Kuma. She opens the door by aging the lock and finds a huge paw-shaped bubble. This causes Vegapunk to flashback to the past when he was with Kuma and how he told him a story about a scientist from West Blue hypothesizing that a person weighs 21 grams less after dying, indicating that the lost weight is the person’s soul. He found the story fascinating and wonders if things like memories and imagination have mass and volume too, intending to use Kuma’s Nikyu Nikyu no Mi powers to help prove that as it allows him to take intangible concepts and give them physical form and even transfer them to others. Of course, Kuma surmised that Vegapunk wants Kuma’s memories and at first, he refused, but it seems he ultimately gave in. In the present, Vegapunk begs Bonney not to touch the bubble, calling it nothing but pain strong enough to kill someone. Bonney, however, tells Vegapunk that she is very familiar with her father’s powers, and that what is in front of her is his memories. While on the Labophase, Nami is freaking out that Rob Lucci was able to invade the facility, but Usopp says that as long as Zoro and Brook are guarding the Thousand Sunny, they will be okay even if the battle is 2v3. That is, though, before Shaka points out that the Seraphim have joined, leaving the battle 2v7. Interestingly, Shaka tells the Straw Hats that the Seraphim have the limited capacity to make decisions on their own, and that is most likely the reason why they are backing up CP0 on the Labophase despite not being ordered to by them. This poses as a positive thing for the Straw Hats as it means that if Vegapunk’s Satellites can issue a command to them, they can regain control as their authority is higher than both CP0’s and Sentomaru. Edison and Lilith head off to try and regain control, with Sanji and Franky taking off to back them up. On the Thousand Sunny, Zoro and Brook witness Kaku in his Awakened state, but Zoro remains confident that he can handle him while Brook watches the ship. Kaku attacks Zoro with a move called Kyoku Bigan "Kirimanjaro", swirling his neck around while firing his nose. Zoro, however, blocks the attack and deflects his head. Lucci then orders the Seraphim to destroy the Labophase before Vegapunk arrives, and they start laying waste to the lab. Suddenly, Stussy bites on Kaku’s neck and puts him to sleep. Lucci is left confused by Stussy’s actions as she tells Lucci that she will be putting him to sleep too while large bat wings sprout from her back. As it turns out, Stussy is actually a clone of Miss Buckingham Stussy, who was a member of the Rocks Pirates and the very first successful clone of MADS.  