Though completely caught off guard by Stussys sudden betrayal, Rob Lucci moves to attack her, but she sidesteps him using Kami-e "Zanshin" and jams her lipstick tube—which contains a piece of Seastone—into his neck to prevent him from transforming. Stussy then bites Luccis neck, putting him to sleep as well. Zoro and Brook are both left speechless by this surprising turn of events as Stussy contacts Shaka to inform him that she incapacitated both agents, revealing that she was the ally Dr. Vegapunk reached out to previously. The rest of the Straw Hats are left amazed that Vegapunk was able to sneak a spy of his own into the World Governments intelligence branch without them ever knowing her true identity, though Shaka reveals he never intended her to join them. Despite having removed the threat, Stussy tells Shaka that her authority is the same as Luccis, so she cannot override his orders nor stop the Seraphim. Edison, however, tells Stussy to fall back and let him and Lilith handle the Seraphim. Zoro and Brook try to stop them too just as Lilith exits the lab. Just as she is about to issue an order, S-Hawk spots her and tries to kill her, but Zoro protects her by clashing blades with S-Hawk. Edison takes the opportunity to issue the order for the Seraphim to stand down just as S-Shark tries to shoot him. Thankfully, he is saved by Sanji, and the Seraphim finally stand down. Stussy then informs Shaka that she has bound Lucci and Kaku with Seastone and he asks Stussy to join them, which she accepts. Meanwhile, Luffy and Chopper wander the lab in search of Bonney and Vegapunk. Meanwhile, on Sphinx, Whitebeards hometown, Marco is informed by the people that while he was away, the Marines invaded trying to claim Whitebeards treasure, with some of the people calling the bunch no different from other pirates. The leader of the attack was Marine Captain Ratel, who showed no qualms telling the people of Sphinx that because they are not affiliated with the World Government, he would not hesitate to kill all of them in order to claim Whitebeards treasure. To prove his point, he tried to shoot an old lady who badmouthed him, but thankfully, he was sent flying away by an unexpected savior in the form of Edward Weevil. Weevils phenomenal strength ensured that the invading Marines were forced to retreat, if only to wait for backup to handle him. Marco thanks Weevil for his actions as his mother, the original Miss Buckingham Stussy (now known as Miss Buckin), shows up and tells him that Admiral Ryokugyu was dispatched to aid the Marines and that, as a result, Weevil ended up getting captured. She tells Marco to rescue Weevil and find Whitebeards inheritance for her, but Marcos tone suggests his doubt to Buckins claim that Weevil is Whitebeards son. This causes Buckin to say that the only person who can confirm her words is none other than Dr. Vegapunk himself. Meanwhile, Admiral Kizaru is accompanied by one of the Five Elders: Saint Jaygarcia Saturn. Kizaru asks him if he has ever met Vegapunk before, and the latter says he had once met him a long time ago, and now he feels what is transpiring now is a shame.  