World Government officials find themselves under attack by a different model of Pacifista, this one capable of generating a “Bubble Shield” from its hands that can defend against any attack, causing it to be called the strongest shield Dr. Vegapunk has created. This model is dubbed “Mark III”, far surpassing the prototypes used during the Summit War of Marineford. The attacking Pacifista demands the agents surrender and move to Factory B. They do so as they question who was able to give it commands. The one responsible turns out to be Sentomaru, who has woken up and is currently being treated for his wounds. He realizes that the Frontier Dome has been closed and he can no longer contact Vegapunk, and on top of that, the Marines have been looping their communications so he cannot get any updates. Still, now that he has rebelled, he will continue to do as he pleases. As such, he orders the rest of the Mark III Pacifista to mobilize and ensure that the Straw Hat Pirates escape Egghead Island safely with Dr. Vegapunk, and also to keep an eye on the coast as the Marines are acting strange. In the Labophase, Luffy is resting after all of his running around and fighting, which also resulted in his shoes breaking. He asks where Vegapunk and Jewelry Bonney are, to which Shaka says that Bonney is still within the building, as it is constantly being monitored. Zoro, Brook, and Stussy make their way inside with new outfits and Shaka tells everyone present (including Atlas, who was repaired) that the Stella has disappeared, and also that they have lost control of the Frontier Dome, meaning no one can leave lest they be destroyed by the security system. Shaka tells everyone that they need to find the Stella while he himself repairs the Frontier Dome. Franky asks if searching would be pointless since he is not popping up on any monitor, and Shaka admits this to be true, surmising that the Seraphim caused some damage that may have caused their Cameko Surveillance Den Den Mushi to either be incapacitated or moved out of position, resulting in a blind spot where the Stella may be. Pythagoras contacts Shaka and tells him that there is no one on the third floor in Building C, and he asks him to check the next one. Nami decides to go and find him, thinking that the faster they do the faster they can leave the island (and she hopes to get some treasure from him). The other Straw Hats and Stussy decide to help find him, but when Zoro decides to go, Sanji and Chopper stop him, knowing he will just get lost himself. As such, Luffy and Zoro are left behind to watch over the captive Lucci and Kaku. Meanwhile, in Room Nikyu, Bonney finds herself within the memories of her father. She sees him as a child crying, but is unable to do anything as she watches some other people force him to come back, saying they will all die if he does not. Kuma vehemently refuses, saying he would rather die himself. He gets caught and beaten by the other people, where he begs to be saved as Bonney watches with tears in her eyes. She gets ejected from the bubble and she realizes she needs a strong resolve to keep watching his memories, determined to make sure she understands everything about her father. As Pythagoras continues to search for the Stella, someone approaches him from behind, and an explosion goes off in part of the lab. On his news balloon, Morgans has received information about what is transpiring on Egghead. He decides to write an article portraying Luffy as Dr. Vegapunks kidnapper while the World Government are trying to save him. He believes that if the world finds out that the World Government is trying to kill a man who has changed the world so much with his accomplishments, there will be severe backlash, and hopes to be rewarded by the government by painting them in a good light. Nefertari Vivi, who was with him, angrily tells him that Luffy would never do something like kidnapping, and she voices her disgust with his newspaper. Wapol, who was also there, begs her to keep her voice down, fearing that the government has agents watching and listening in on them. Morgans tells Vivi she has no right to interfere with his work after she spent the previous day crying her eyes out. He also tells her that he does not care if his stories are lies or the truth, as long as they are entertaining, since he is the only one who can shake up the world.  