Shaka tries to reach Pythagoras following the explosion he heard, but he receives no response. He sends a Cameko to search the tower, but someone takes it out, cutting off the security image. Luffy realizes that the communication device he is wearing does not operate any longer, as if all communications have been cut off. Luffy tells Shaka as he tries to contact the other Satellites, but one-by-one, all of the Cameko go off, making him think that someone else is in the Labophase causing trouble. Throughout the Labophase, everyone is searching for Dr. Vegapunk. In Tower A Floor 3, Nami and Brook are traveling with Edison. Nami gets sidetracked by diamonds she finds and wants to keep despite Edison telling her that their priority is finding the Stella. When he tells her that they were manmade, Nami is left in awe over such achievements. On Floor 2, Chopper and Robin are with Atlas, who reveals that her face is a mask and she can replace whatever part of her gets damaged. Robin then notices something which Atlas reveals is an artificial organ, which amazes Chopper, though Robin notes she thought Vegapunk had gotten chopped up, much to Atlas’ discomfort. In the B Tower, Sanji and Jinbe have gone with Stussy, with Sanji swooning over her and asking if she would call him a dog, while she flirtatiously reminds him to find Vegapunk. Jinbe acknowledges how huge the part of the lab they are in is as Stussy reveals that they are on the weapon’s manufacturing floor, so they can’t be setting off any shockwaves. As for the last group, which consists of Usopp, Franky, Lilith, and York, the four head to Tower C. They end up finding Pythagoras’ body, albeit with his head missing. Thankfully, Pythagoras turned out to be fine, as he had detached his head from his body before he sustained damage. He starts freaking out over what happened just as York walks over to S-Snake. She tells her to wait outside since Edison ordered her to stand down, but instead, S-Snake petrifies York. A confused Lilith tries to get her to stop, but S-Snake ignores and fires a laser at the four. It destroys the bridge they were on and they all fall, though they land safely. Lilith tries to reach Shaka but fails to do so, and when Franky suggests they fight back, Lilith tells him it is impossible to beat a Seraphim. Back in Tower A, Luffy and Shaka meet up with Zoro as they see that S-Bear and S-Hawk have breached the room. Despite Shaka’s attempts to make them stop, the two Seraphim open fire. Thankfully, they evade their attacks while also saving the unconscious Lucci and Kaku, who were in the Seraphim’s sights. Shaka begins to fear that Vegapunk himself is commanding the Seraphim if the Satellites cannot get them to stop. He also realizes that someone is trying to kill everyone by trapping them and cutting off communications, and that they set up this situation very carefully. Lucci and Kaku then wake up and ask Luffy and Zoro to set the two of them free, offering that they form a truce and work together to survive. Luffy and Zoro respond with a look of disgust.  