Stussy informs Sentomaru that Admiral Kizaru is en-route to Egghead, and that CP0 was to wait for his arrival after eliminating Dr. Vegapunk and his Satellites. Sentomaru comments on how serious the World Government is while Stussy tells him that this event may become even bigger than Ohara’s destruction, the main reasons being that Vegapunk continued studying the research of Ohara, and that Egghead has the firepower to repel an attack, which Ohara could not. Before she hangs up, Stussy tells Sentomaru to call her if anything unexpected happens since all communication has been cut off in the Labophase. After she hangs up, Sentomaru tells the islanders that they can’t hesitate and they all must flee the island before the Marines arrive, which they all start to do. In Building C, Franky (who is only partially petrified) demands S-Snake undo the petrification she did to him, Lilith, and Usopp, claiming that he can still fight with the part of them that isn’t stone. S-Snake ignores him, however, and turns to Pythagoras. He demands to know who ordered S-Snake to do this, but all she does is stomp on and crush him, resulting in a huge explosion. As she starts to walk away, Franky tries calling her again. On the second floor of Building A, Chopper, Robin, and Atlas are flying around looking for Vegapunk. Robin has deduced that the Seraphim are rampaging and the others may be fighting them off, which means those people cannot move from wherever they are situated. Atlas says that she may have an idea as to where the Stella is and the two follow her lead. On the third floor, Nami tries to help Edison while Brook decides to go look for Vegapunk, while Sanji continues his fight with S-Shark. On the fourth floor, Zoro realizes that S-Bear and S-Hawk’s flames are not going out, but Luffy notices that S-Hawk has left the room. Lucci says that S-Hawk is choosing to prioritize killing the weaker members of the crew and save the more troublesome members for later, thinking they will be too rattled to fight effectively. Zoro immediately runs after S-Hawk and Luffy tells Kaku to go with him since he can get lost easily. Luffy resumes fighting S-Bear but Lucci tells him that this is not an enemy that he can defeat with brute force. Around three months ago, someone contacted the Five Elders and told them that Dr. Vegapunk was researching the contents of the Void Century. CP5 was dispatched to investigate but they found no evidence, yet the ship that left with them suddenly disappeared. CP7 and CP8 were dispatched to investigate but they too disappeared. Then, the mysterious person contacted the Five Elders again, and eventually they came to believe that Vegapunk had betrayed the World Government. Choosing to assassinate him, CP0 was dispatched to handle the situation, and one of the elders chose to go in person as they expected Vegapunk to retaliate. Reinforcements were requested from various Marine branches, meaning war was looming on the horizon. However, the Straw Hat Pirates presence has made the entire organization uneasy. In any case, the outcome of these particular events would shake up the entire world. Down in the hidden lab, the person who shot Shaka enters the lab as Vegapunk demands answers. The person turns out to be York, who evilly tells Vegapunk that she wants to become a World Noble. Vegapunk angrily asks why she would want to be such a thing since she has been to Mary Geoise in the past and seen how horrible they are, but York just laughs and says that he sounds like Shaka, though she now considers him dead. York then tells Vegapunk that she thinks it’s too confusing that so many people are walking around calling themselves Vegapunk, and that the world will be better off with just one, i.e. her.  