A few hours ago, York learned that the World Government wants her dead too, but she fortunately has a plan to counter it. She orders the four Seraphim to terminate everyone trapped in the lab except for herself, the Stella, and their hostages. She does acknowledge that she is not strong enough to fend for herself should the others find out she was responsible for letting the Seraphim run amok, which is why she ordered S-Snake to petrify her as if York had her guard down and then undo it when no one is looking. She then tells her the places in the lab she does not want destroyed before sending the Seraphim on their way. Unknown to everyone on the island, a ship belonging to the Blackbeard Pirates arrives off the shore. In Elbaf, several pirates loyal to Shanks tell Eustass Kid that he will have to go through all of them first if he ever wants to see Shanks. Kid is unconvinced that the pirates standing before him, captain "Ball Fingers" Gerotini of the Puddle Pirates, bandleader "Memorial Blade" Fugar of the Social Club, and princess "Trembling" Pururu of the Bourgeois Pirates are fleets of the Red Hair Pirates, but Killer reminds him that there are several big names in the fleet, so he should not let his guard down. Shanks tells the other pirates to clear out, so they do not get hurt as he boards his ship. He asks if Kids wounds from Wano have fully healed but Yasopp says he looks fine if he is willing to pick a fight. Shanks accepts this and asks for any updates on Blackbeard, where he is told that he left Hachinosu, with Shanks remarking he was sure he would pop up in Wano. After that, Shanks is given information on Kid, and he calls him a troublemaker. When Kid forms his railgun to launch Damned Punk at the fleet, Shanks foresees the damage it will cause, warning the fleet to spread out and telling Dorry and Brogy to watch his rear while he moves for Kids ship. Moving to stop Kids attack, Shanks approaches the Victoria Punk, catching Kid off-guard and instantly defeating him with Kamusari. The Kid Pirates panic out over their captain and combatant being taken down and beg Shanks not to kill Kid, even giving up their Road Poneglyph rubbings to appease him. Shanks, however, ignores them and jumps from the ship while Dorry and Brogy perform the combined attack Hakoku, completely destroying the Victoria Punk; they tell the Kid Pirates that if they point a loaded gun at someones hometown, they better expect to meet the same fate. The Kid Pirates fall into the sea, while the narration says that in Elbaf, the Kid Pirates, led by Eustass "Captain" Kid, who has a bounty of 3,000,000,000, were completely destroyed.  