On Hachinosu, several pirates report that Koby has escaped prison and is now running free. Several of them are thrilled by this revelation, as Koby has a rather high bounty placed on him by Cross Guild for a Marine-ranked “Captain”: five stars; one star equals one treasure chest of loot. Suddenly, the skull-rock face starts speaking, saying that it is sensing a tickle on the left side of its chest, which is where they all keep their slaves. The pirates realize all of their slaves are trying to flee, but are told that they need to be kept alive or Blackbeard will be informed. The voice, as it turns out, belongs to Avalo Pizarro, who has consumed the Shima Shima no Mi, meaning he can now merge with the island itself, allowing him to see, feel, and hear everything that transpires on the island. Koby quickly realizes that his and the other slaves positions have been revealed, so to protect everyone, he offers himself up as a decoy to keep the heat off the others. Shiryu, who was with Pizarro, points out that he could just catch Koby and the slaves all by himself since he has merged with Hachinosu, but Pizarro refuses, telling Shiryu that Blackbeard gets mad at him for causing too much damage. Vasco Shot asks if he can handle the situation then, as he too has eaten a Devil Fruit - the Gabu Gabu no Mi - which lets him manipulate alcohol. However, because of that, Shots idea is that he sets the town on fire so they have nowhere to run, resulting in Pizarro scolding him and telling him that that would also upset Blackbeard, especially since they just finished repairing the damage from the Rocky Port Incident. Shot, at least, points out he would be more careful than Sanjuan Wolf due to his size, as he has consumed the Deka Deka no Mi, which allows him to enlarge his already giant body. Koby’s plan works and he starts being chased by pirates, though he realizes that escaping on foot will be impossible, but thinks it is worth it for the sake of the others. In a flashback, it is revealed that the reason Blackbeard kidnapped Koby was so he could use him as a bargaining chip. He came up with a plan where he would have Hachinosu recognized as a full-fledged nation, by the blessing of the World Government, and become its king; and in exchange, Blackbeard will return Koby to them unscathed and with grace. Koby calls his plan insane and that he is wasting his time with him since he is a member of SWORD. When Blackbeard questions what that is, Kuzan, who is present with him, informs him what SWORD really is. According to Kuzan, Marines affiliated with SWORD are not recognized as such on paper; Koby and the other members have surrendered their "Marine codes", and since they have resigned their commission, they can operate without certain protocols holding them back, such as being able to pick a fight with an Emperor without authorization. He also reveals that the World Government can disavow members of SWORD at any point in time, meaning that an attempt to use Koby as leverage would be a moot point for the Marines could very easily sever all responsibilities and ties they have with Koby. Though Blackbeard understands and is even impressed of this new knowledge, he refuses to change his mind about his plan, confident that Koby’s status as a hero would mean the World Government would not cut him loose, or the public will be enraged. He even says that if things go south for him, he will do significant damage to the World Government’s reputation; and as insurance, hell have Kobys captivity publicly leaked so neither Navy nor Goverment could deny that fact. Until then, he wanted Koby locked up. As Koby continues to be chased, he remembers how Perona was the one who freed him in return for his help freeing Gecko Moria, who was also imprisoned. He then hears an explosion and learns that Marines are on the island, though he humbly believes they did not come just for him. The attacking Marines prove to be very strong, with one of them getting his head chopped off only to reveal that he is made of clay, and therefore impervious. On top of that, some of the buildings start moving, which several pirates see is the result of a woman named Kujaku, a Marine Rear Admiral and the granddaughter of “Great Staff Officer” Tsuru who ate the Muchi Muchi no Mi, which lets her tame anything she whips including inanimate objects. Koby is ultimately cornered, but when the pirates try to shoot him, their gunpowder explodes into flowers. Several of them realize they are Dr. Vegapunk’s GP Flowers, and the one responsible was Hibari, a sniper. She contacts Prince Grus, who has eaten the Gunyo Gunyo no Mi that allows him to manipulate clay, hence the clay soldiers, and he informs her that both he and Kujaku have the situation under control. By this point, several pirates have been trapped by the buildings Kujaku forced to move and surround. With no means to escape, a Marine ship launches itself high into the air, commanded by Monkey D. Garp. Garp jumps off the ship and completely decimates the pirates with his Galaxy Impact attack, calling it retribution for kidnapping his irreplaceable protégé, who he considers the future of the Marines.  