News of the death of Vice Admiral T Bone starts spreading rapidly throughout the world. Sengoku asks Tsuru if the culprit has been found. However, she replies the culprit has not been found, though she is certain the family of the culprit will be financially secure following this. Sengoku is in disbelief that the people they swore to protect are betraying the Marines, but Tsuru considers it indeed believable, especially since T-Bone was killed in Pepe Kingdom, which is said to lose over a thousand people a year to starvation. Of course, she is not defending the culprit, she is just saying that if this is what Buggy had in mind, they may have been underestimating him this whole time. Sengoku says that this means they need to stomp out the Cross Guild soon or the Marines will become very weak morale-wise. Sengoku asks Hina where Garp is because he wants him to try out a new rice cracker flavor, but she tells him that he told her he was off to “save Koby,” meaning that he was with SWORD on Hachinosu, along with Kujaku, much to Sengoku and Tsuru’s surprise and annoyance. On Karai Bari Island, the man responsible for T-Bone’s death meets with Buggy, where he reveals that his people received the payment for his bounty. Buggy praises him for his actions even if it means the Marines will be looking for him, but the man says he is fine as long as his family survives. This leads to Buggy telling the man that he will induct him into his crew just as he is told that the Cross Guild’s ship is finished. Much to his displeasure, Buggy’s overzealous followers make him the mast of the ship, which severely enrages Crocodile and Dracule Mihawk. Following this, Crocodile and Mihawk punish Buggy by beating him up and dangling him from a hook while discussing the success Cross Guild is gaining. In order for the two of them to establish their utopia, though, they need money and power. Buggy speaks up and tells the two of them that they are going about their scheme the wrong way. Crocodile and Mihawk were surprised that Buggy would dare speak against them. Buggy tells the two that due to circumstances neither he nor Shanks were able to go to Laugh Tale. He admits he felt he could never measure up to Shanks back then, but he was surprised to learn that he was choosing not to go to Laugh Tale yet following Roger’s execution. Buggy knows now that Shanks is finally making his move, and through some shape or form, both of them are on equal footing. As such, Buggy is reigniting his dream to become Pirate King, and suggests that all of them seek out the ultimate treasure in addition to their desired dream. Crocodile and Mihawk are left unmoved by Buggy’s words, refusing to believe they would just carry him to the top including having no interest to fight Shanks, Blackbeard and Luffy, especially when he does not have a plan of his own. Buggy, however, says they just need to scramble for the treasure, and he is willing to prove this by contacting his entire crew via Den Den Mushi and announce that they will be moving to claim the One Piece. This ends up lighting a fire in several of the crew, as they all set out to sea for this very reason, though it leaves Crocodile and Mihawk furious that Buggy would pull off such a stunt. On Momoiro Island, the Vice Captains of the Revolutionary Army, Ushiano (Morley’s subordinate), Ahiru (Belo Betty’s subordinate), Gambo (Linbergh’s subordinate), and Jiron (Karasu’s subordinate) notice a ship in the distance and start making bets about who is on it. To the Revolutionary Army’s relief, the person on the ship is Sabo, alive and well, and carrying with him refugees from Lulusia Kingdom. Koala starts attacking Sabo for going radio silent for so long, but he tells her he did not have a choice because he could not get his hands on an Encryption Den Den Mushi, so any calls he would have made would have been monitored. He did send an indirect call signal to let them know he was alright, and as it turns out, he was not even on Lulusia at all when it was completely destroyed. Belo Betty remembers most of the people from Lulusia and learns they want to join the Revolutionary Army, though she tells them all to get some sleep first. Later, Monkey D. Dragon, Emporio Ivankov, and Sabo all sit together where Sabo learns about Bartholomew Kuma, who Dragon believes had a contingency installed to ensure his return to Mary Geoise. Ivankov deduces that Sabo does not want the other commanders to hear what he has to say. Sabo confirms this and proceeds to tell everyone what really happened at the Levely.  