Usopp, beaten on the ground, hopes to himself that Mr. 4 and Miss Merry Christmas would not get back up after their attack is successful. Chopper notices that Mr. 4 is still standing, commenting to himself that he only has a minute and a half left after eating a Rumble Ball. Usopp then begins to flee, yelling out that the pair are monsters that cant be beaten. While Chopper yells to Usopp he cant run away from them, Miss Merry Christmas confirms this, grabbing Usopps legs from underground. Miss Merry Christmas then comments that if a captain is weak then so is his crewmates, prompting Usopp to ask her what about Luffy. Miss Merry Christmas tells them that Luffy has been killed by Mr. 0 and that the rebellion has started, much to the shock of Usopp and Chopper. Usopp denies this, yelling at Miss Merry Christmas that Luffy is going to be Pirate King and he wouldnt lose to a "filthy sand gator". Miss Merry Christmas begins to laugh at the idea of Luffy being Pirate King, which enrages Usopp. Usopp then yells out to Chopper, as Miss Merry Christmas drags Usopps legs and drives him through a wall with her Mogu Mogu Impact attack, also telling Mr. 4 to get his 4-ton bat ready. The pair attack Usopp with Mogurazuka Yonban Kousaten, severely injuring him and knocking him several meters back. However, much to the shock of Miss Merry Christmas, Usopp is still standing, continuing to explain to Chopper that there are times when a man comes to fight, even if there are seemingly no chances of winning, which is when their friends dreams are being laughed at. Miss Merry Christmas proceeds to grab Usopps legs again, driving him towards Mr. 4. As Chopper reveals a new form, Horn Point, Usopp tells Chopper to get behind him as he fires a Smoke Star at Mr. 4. Slipping out of his shoes to escape from Miss Merry Christmas grip, Usopp tells Chopper to ensnare Miss Merry Christmas into his horns, which Chopper does, running towards Mr. 4. Thinking Miss Merry Christmas is Usopp, and still blinded by the smoke, Mr. 4 uses his 4-ton bat to knock Miss Merry Christmas back, much to his surprise. During the confusion, Usopp uses Choppers horns and a rubber band as a slingshot to fire his hammer at Mr. 4, using Hissatsu Uso-Cho Hammer Suisei, knocking out Mr. 4 and Lassoo and winning the battle. Victorious, Usopp collapses, and Chopper panics and asks if there is a doctor around, only for Usopp to proclaim that its him.  