As members of the rebel army and royal army continue their fighting, Vivi grows distracted while running towards the clock tower. Usopp, relieved the Marines are helping them, tells Vivi not to look or think about the fighting and just concentrate on stopping the explosion. With a minute and a half left, Usopp and Vivi reach the clock tower, meeting up with Nami and Chopper. Vivi then tells them the bomb is located at the absolute top of the tower. Pell flies around, trying to find the location of the smoke flare Usopp sent earlier, but he is suddenly shot in the air. A mysterious figure points out that they shot down Pell with their "Ribbit Ribbit Gun". In the underground chamber, Luffy continues his battle with Crocodile, dodging the Warlords poisoned hook attack. Luffy lunges forward, preparing to use Gomu Gomu no Bullet, but he stops himself as Crocodile extends his right arm, knowing that if Crocodile manages to grab him, he will become instantly mummified again. Luffy begins to struggle trying to land attacks while avoiding Crocodiles right hand and his poison hook. Luffy attacks again, but he is struck by Crocodiles poison hook. Knocked back by a kick from Luffy, Crocodile comments that it is now over, as his poison will spread all throughout Luffys body. Luffy then tells the Warlord that he doesnt understand a single thing. Back at the clock tower, Vivi tries to search for Pell, planning to use his ability to fly to reach the top of the tower. Nami and Usopp point out that they are forced to use the stairs as they have one minute left, as Sanji suddenly appears on a high floor of the building, waving down at the others. Zoro also appears, at an even higher floor, his explanation being that the Marines told him to go north, which he mistook as "up". Vivi begins to lose hope, as she points out that the clock tower can only be reached by a secret staircase, any forcefully entering would probably trigger the explosion prematurely. Nami stops Vivi from going to the stairs, stating she has a plan. The Straw Hats notice two figures standing by the bomb in the clock tower, revealed to be Mr. 7 and Miss Fathers Day, the latter responsible for shooting Pell out of the air. There are 30 seconds left until the bomb explodes.  