Even from the great height above Alubarna, the bombs blast radius reaches the fighting armies below and blows most off of their feet; including Tashigi and Usopp. Shocked, Vivi and the Straw Hat Pirates are the only ones to witness Pells sacrifice to save the country. However, it is not long before Usopp and Chopper notice the rebels and royal army standing up again only to continue the now pointless war. Tashigi tries to intervene in the fight, only for a nearby marine to pull her aside from the dangerous battle. Calling from above, Vivi yells for the armies to stop fighting over and over again, however her voice fails to reach the soldiers fighting below. Touched by her words, Nami pleads with her crewmates to help stop the fighting and save anyone they can as Vivi continues to shout from above. Back inside the Tomb of the Kings, Luffy and Crocodile continue their battle. Despite his normally intangible body, Crocodile is still being struck by Luffy who continues to exploit his Devil Fruits weakness. Landing a volley of devastating blows, Crocodile is left bewildered as to where Luffy continues to draw his strength from as the poison inside his body should already be working. Thinking back to the Straw Hat Pirates progress over Arabasta and his organizations inability to stop them, the rogue Warlord becomes enraged and reveals a secondary knife from his prosthetic. Asking the rookie before him if he even knew who he was fighting, Luffy responds by saying he does not care, and that he will surpass him. Kicking Crocodile into the air, the powerful pirate attacks below with Sables: Pesado which creates a large shock wave upon impact. Enduring the attack, Luffy inflates himself and twists around, blowing all the air downwards to launch himself into the air with great momentum and spin. The two then launch their final techniques, only for Luffys Gomu Gomu no Storm to overpower and breakthrough Crocodiles Desert la Spada. Beating the veteran pirate through bedrock and out into the sky over the plaza, Luffy falls into the tomb; finally defeating Crocodile.  