Nico Robin tries convincing the Straw Hats to why she should be on their crew by talking about an incident in the crumbling room in the Arabasta royal palace. She rolled an antidote for Cobra to give to Luffy, who had collapsed from Crocodiles poison after defeating him, expressing hope that Luffy will be able to recover. Cobra then asked her why she lied to Crocodile about what the Poneglyph said, as it actually was about the Pluton and not about Arabastas history like she claimed. Cobra realized that if she told Crocodile the truth, the Shichibukais plan would have certainly succeeded. Robin replied that she did not care about Arabasta or any country, and her goal had been to find the poneglyph containing the true history. Robin slumped in defeat that this was all for nothing, despite Cobras attempts to reassure her. Suddenly, a healed Luffy picked them up and carried them out of the crumbling room. Robin protested for Luffy to leave her because she had nothing left to live for, but Luffy refused. Since Luffy made her carry on with life, Robin claims that she should be a Straw Hat. Luffy agrees, to the shock of his crew. Robin tells the Straw Hats about how shes associated with various villains to protect herself, citing her specialty as assassination. Usopp gets very scared, but Robin distracts Luffy and Chopper by using her devil fruit powers to tickle them. Nami swears to remain on guard against her, until Robin shows her some jewels. With Sanji immediately entranced by Robin and Usopp entranced by Robins powers, Zoro finds himself the only one on guard. Suddenly, bits of something fall down on the Going Merry, and the crew wonders what it is. It turns out to not be precipitation but rather a full-size galleon falling from the sky. While the Going Merry avoids the falling ship, it is swept by a tidal wave created on impact. Some more pieces of the ship fall down, including a skeleton. While the Straw Hats wonder how this could have happened, Nami finds that the log pose is pointing up, worrying her. However, Robin states that the Log Pose must be pointing to a sky island.  