The chapter starts out with some onlookers commenting about a street that Bellamy messed up where Roshio died. One onlooker says that "Bellamy the Hyena" is definitely some kind of Devil Fruit user. Bellamy steps into the bar Luffy is at and asks if he is the 30,000,000 Straw Hat Luffy. Other people in the bar gossip about how they cannot believe such a child has such a large bounty on his head. Luffy comments about how he has met a lot of huge people today, while Bellamy sits beside him and tells the storekeeper to get him an expensive drink and something Luffy likes. Sarquiss and the others barge into the store and kill people so they could sit where they were. The others try not to pay attention. Bellamy tells Luffy to drink up and Luffy says "oh, hes a good guy!" and drinks. Nami and Zoro yell at Luffy to watch out, but it is too late and Bellamy smashes Luffys head into the counter. Bellamys crew laugh and the onlookers are shocked. Zoro puts a sword up to Bellamys neck, furious. Nami tells Zoro to stop since they have not gained any information in the town yet. Luffy gets up and tells Bellamy to get ready. The others cheer on since they like to see fights. Bellamy laughs and says this is a test, not a fight. Nami tells Luffy to wait, and asks the storekeeper about the sky island, to everyones shock. The Straw Hats are confused. After an awkward moment of silence, the whole bar bursts in laughter. When Nami says that the log pose is actually pointing to the sky, everyone laughs crazily and say that Log Poses tend to go nuts all the time, embarrassing Nami. Bellamy cackles and talks about how people who have dreams are stupid. He says that he was going to test Luffy and put him in his crew of the "New Age" but Luffy is too much of an idiot to join. He talks about how people who have dreams are weaklings, and hits Luffy with a bottle. Then, other people start throwing things at Luffy, Zoro, and Nami as well, saying that their existence makes their rum taste bad and to get lost. Sarquiss tells Bellamy that the store wants to see a "show", which Bellamy agrees to. Nami tells Luffy and Zoro that they can forget about their promise, so they can beat up Bellamy, but Luffy tells Zoro to never buy this fight.  