Pagaya allows Luffy to ride on his waver, which Luffy stands on it and finds the accelerator for it. It starts up at a high speed which Luffy cannot control and because of the lack of control, he flips and lands in the sea of clouds. Sanji and Zoro believe that that Luffys devil fruit weakness will not affect him since the sea of clouds appears different than the normal sea, but is quickly proven wrong once Luffy begins to sink into the sea. Once Zoro saves Luffy, Sanji and Zoro began arguing as Pagaya explains that to ride a waver well that it takes years of practice. However, Nami begins riding the waver and can easily control it despite never had ridden one previously and continues riding while the other does to Pagayas house. As the others walk up a long flight of stairs, Pagaya asks Zoro if they went through the milky road in order to arrive here and begins explains that it is in fact an artificial cloud channel. He further explains the two natural cloud types: sea clouds and island clouds (which can be compared to land and sea) as well as the reason for the abnormality which is because of the substance called pyrobloin from the mineral, seastone. Continuing his explanation, the two types of clouds are made of pyrobloin which is ejected from volcanoes and makes contract with water in the air. Also, he says that the milky road is made by the cutting factory and adjustmenting the substances molecules. Everyone reaches the top of the flight of stairs as well as Pagayas house. Inside the house, Robin asks what are the dials, which they also discover that there are multiple dials for everyday tasks and appliances, are able to power the waver which Conis explains how the Wind dial works to power the waver. After hearing this, Luffy wants a waver. Usopp replies that they already have one, but it is 200 years old and probably cannot function anymore. However, Conis informs them, that as long as the dial shell is intact, the waver can still function. In the kitchen, Sanji finishes cooking and brings it out for everyone to eat; however, he notices that he cannot see Nami outside anywhere. Luffy said not to worry about it, although Conis and Pagaya are nervous about her whereabouts. They then explain that there is an area where no one should never go which is near the island called Holy Island which is where the God lives, but it seems that Nami has reached the island.  