Conis and Pagaya have sought refuge in Gan Falls residence. There, the former God is seen watering his pumpkin crops, while discussing with his guests about the recent events. Gan Fall explains, that those people were pirates from the blue sea, groups that are considered sailing criminals, though he prefers to call them "people that dont follow rules". He goes on about having met another group of pirates, 20 years ago, whom he befriended. Gan Fall expresses his worry about the ongoing conflict between Skypiea and Shandia and reveals that his negotiations, while he was God, had almost bore fruits, but it was then, when Enel invaded the country and assumed control. As he apologizes about his failure, he remembers an old legend speaking about a beautiful song heard, when Gods island was born; a song that signaled the beginning of the war. Gan Fall believes that, when this song is heard once more, thats when the war will, finally, end. All of a sudden, seeing Pierre uneasy, Gan Fall wears his armor and departs. Back at the ship, Chopper is seen, bruised, trying to put out a fire on the main mast, and begging the attacker to stop. In a desperate move, Chopper breaks the mast right of and throws it in the sea. However, Shura keeps setting fires on the ship, using his lance and states that if Chopper wants to survive, he has to make sacrifices. Shura explains, that the forest is divided into four territories, each one controlled by a priest, but the altar doesnt belong to any of the said territories. If the invaders survive the trials of the forest and reach the altar then they are free to go. However, since some of the sacrifices broke the rules and left the altar, Shura claims that someone else must pay for it with his life. As Shura attacks Chopper with his lance, Gan Fall appears. The two men engage into an aerial battle, riding their birds. Shura looks down on Gan Fall, calling him an old man, but the former God, with a swift move, manages to land a dial attack on his opponent, much to Choppers amazement.  