Wyper has gotten to his feet, and looks to the partially destroyed tree from his and Luffys exchange for signs of the pirate. Panting heavily, he yells out to Luffy asking if hes dead. Luffy replies that of course he isnt and begins to get to his feet as well. Wyper hears a noise in Luffys direction, and all of a sudden Luffy is seen falling to parts unknown. He wonders what exactly is going on as he continues to plummet into the dark abyss. Wyper wonders where he went, but decides that he needs to save his strength for Enel regardless. He notes that one more use of the reject dial will probably destroy his body, but nonetheless is resolved to defeat Enel. Having finally stopped falling, Luffy wonders where is as he notices ancient ruins around him. Elsewhere in Upper Yard, Genbo finishes off a few of the Gods Army enforcers with his bazooka. They have proven no match, and get blown away. Commander Yama emerges however, and comments on the rarity of Genbos cannonballs. He adds that heavy material like iron does not naturally exist in the sky, and notes that quite a few of his men have fallen to him. He identifies the Shandia by his name, and Genbo does the same for Yama, both showing a contempt for one another. Genbo fires a cannonball directly at him, and is shocked when Yama has no reaction whatsoever. Yama displays a surprising amount of athleticism for his size by jumping and kicking the cannonball right back at Genbo, sending him flying back into a tree and coughing up blood as he curses the Commander. Yama reveals an entire belt full of axe dials, and charges directly for Genbo, who states that he cant die here. He taunts Yama to bring it on, to which the Commander responds by belly flopping on the Shandia with the axe dials. Genbo is cut up in multiple places, left unconscious as he slides to the ground and reveals several "X" marks have been sliced into the tree. Yama then flips away from the incapacitated Shandia and yells out a cry of victory. As the Shandia continue to do battle in the forest, Nico Robin comes up on a tombstone. It appears to be for the city itself, as she guesses that it was most likely constructed by it descendants after it fell. She reads that the city is named "Shandora", and that it prospered more than 1100 years ago. She further reads that they mysteriously disappeared 800 years ago, and notices that this just so happens to fall into the "missing" 100 years of history of the world known as the "Void Century". She wonders if Sky Island was indeed a part of this untold history, and with a map of the city shown on the stone, resolves to head to the city square to see what more she can learn. Yama approaches from behind her however, and she inquires whos there. He comments on how pretty she is, and prepares to attack. On the Going Merry, the two new visitors introduce themselves as Vice Commanders of Gods Army, and state they came to avenge their brother Satori. They introduce themselves as Hotori and Kotori, and Satori was their elder brother. Nami states that she has no clue what they are talking about, as they explain that they will show no mercy for their brothers defeat. Gan Fall calls on Pierre, who instinctively tosses the Knight his lance, and Nami readies her Clima-Tact. Gan Fall mentions that they have to defeat the two quickly, in order to catch up to Enel, who may have malicious intentions for his prisoners. He tells Nami to stay back, but noting what just happened to Usopp, she rebuts that it is her turn to fight now. Gan Fall has no objections to this, and tells her that they first need to figure out what kind of dials they use. Back in the forest, one of the enforcers tries to tell Gedatsu where something is, but his eyes are rolled to the back of his head, preventing him from seeing anything. The enforcers tell him his error, and Gedatsu is comically shocked when he can see again. The enforcer is shown to be trying to point him to Chopper, and even has a picture as proof that he is with the "blue sea dwellers". Chopper himself also continues to remain oblivious to their presence, calling out for Luffy, Zoro, and Robin. Gedatsu suddenly appears directly behind him, but hes rolled his eyes to the back of his head yet again, causing him to off course wonder where Chopper went. Chopper finally notices the priest behind him, and freaks out at how scary he looks with his eyes like that.  