Along the northwestern shore of Upper Yard, Conis and Pagaya ponder how they will defend the Going Merry while waiting at the meeting spot Nami had previously designated. They ultimately decide to blow the horn from their dial boat to ward off any potential threats. Conis attends to the still injured Sanji and Usopp, while Pagaya silently hopes for everyones safety in light of the perilous events that have gripped Sky Island. Throughout the forest, the ground is littered with all the Shandia and Enforcers of Gods Army that have fallen over the course of the survival game, as they continue to wage war with one another. While the Shandia are still pushing to make it to the Giant Beanstalk, the Enforcers desperately regroup in order to repel them. Enel himself is enjoying the chaos, content that his prediction of the survival game is shaping up to come true.  On the beanstalk itself, the battle between Gan Fall, Zoro, Ohm, Wyper, and the Giant Snake continues to rage on. Wyper lands a direct hit to the snake with his Burn Bazooka, but is shocked that it is to no avail. The blow does still cause quite a bit of commotion inside the snake, sending Luffy toppling and causing him to wonder whats going on. Zoro grimaces in pain from a hit he took, as he rises to his feet. Ohm berates him for being a blue sea dweller that knows nothing, as he explains that his blade is actually the result of an iron cloud dial built into the hilt of the sword. It allows the blade to follow its target anywhere, which he then demonstrates by extending it all the way to Zoro from several meters away. Zoro blocks the attack with ease, commenting on the whip-like nature of the sword and how the warriors of the White Cloud Seas are like a bunch of circus performers. Sensing new arrivals to the battlefield, Ohm tells Holy that they will now be splitting up. As predicted, both Shandia and Gods Army Enforcers soon join them on the battlefield. The Shandia inform Wyper that they are the only ones left, and reaffirm their determination to help Wyper get to Enel. Inside the snake, Luffy decides to try to dig his way out, and begins clawing into the walls. In actuality he is tickling the snake, and the spectators are extremely confused to see the snake laughing hysterically. Just then, Nami and Aisa also burst through the clouds below as they continue riding up the beanstalk. The Enforcers attempt to chase them down, but are repelled by a combined effort from Zoro, Wyper, and Gan Fall. Zoro and Wyper ask Nami and Aisa respectively what they are doing here. As Nami asks Zoro where the others are, Wyper prepares a shot at Nami, wondering what she plans to do to Aisa. As he fires the blast, Gan Fall manages to get Nami and Aisa to safety aboard Pierre. This is short-lived however, as the snake swallows all four of them in one bite, much to Zoros horror. As Zoro and Wyper try to process what just happened, Ohm and Holy hit them both with a devastating surprise attack that appears to knock them out.   