The entire upper level of the ruins collapses from Enels power, and Zoro grabs Choppers unconscious body as he and the Giant Snake fall to the base of the beanstalk.  Inside the snake, Aisa grabs on to Luffy, who grabs on to Namis waver as she prepares to fly out of the snakes mouth. Aisa tries to point out that Luffy is directly behind the exhaust pipe, but the warning goes unheeded. Luffy and Aisa are blasted off the waver as it propels forward. Gan Fall notices that they are left behind, but he, Pierre, and Nami fully emerge from the snakes mouth before they are able to turn around and grab them. Gan Fall sends Pierre back in to save them, as he and Nami rapidly descend to the ruins below.  At the ruins, Robin notices the falling debris, and eventually Zoro as well. Zoro arises from the debris still holding Choppers body, but highly irritated at the near-death experience. Robin comments that a normal person would have died, and Zoro asks about their whereabouts upon finally noticing her presence. She updates him that they have found their intended destination, the City of Gold, but there is no longer any gold. The snake lands in a different area, initially with his head poking through the clouds below. As it lifts its head and notices its surrounding, it begins acting strangely.  Aisa begins hitting Luffy, irritated that only they are the ones left behind where they started. Luffy again proposes trying to leave through the snakes anus, only to be denied by the young Shandia. In the midst of their antics, they both notice that Pierre has come back for them.  At Nami and Gan Falls landing location, Nami ponders exactly where they are. Gan Fall urges her to believe in Pierre getting Luffy and Aisa out safely, and adds that he has never been to their current location. At Wypers landing site, he stands in awe at the land of his ancestors. Nami notices the snakes erratic behavior and tries to inform Gan Fall, but he is absorbed in thought wondering where exactly they may be. The snake actually sheds a tear, and lets out a load roar to Namis befuddlement. The noise however annoys Enel, and he proceeds to violently electrocute the snake. Wyper and Zoro react in horror at what may have happened to Aisa and Nami respectively, but this is short-lived as Nami notices Zoro and Robin. Zoro reacts angrily to her having escaped, while Robin wonders why she is here. Nami reminds them more importantly that Luffy is still inside the snake, but this only angers Zoro further. Wyper contemplates Enels strength, as he realizes he was unable to do what Enel did with one hit, with several blasts from his burn bazooka. Enel appears behind him and asks about Aisa, which Wyper responds to with a bazooka blast. Enel dodges, and uses a dial to create an Orb Cloud to float on. He chides Wyper for the missed attack, saying that is no way to return the favor of getting him to his homeland. He continues by announcing that the game is not quite over yet, to Wypers confusion, explaining that he and everyone else that has arrived are all contestants. As he explains, Zoro, Wyper, Robin, and Gan Fall arrive to face him as Nami hides behind a wall. She feels relieved that she isnt being counted among the survivors, until he reveals that there is still an extra person left with three minutes remaining. He asks who remaining will be eliminated, and they discuss it among themselves, not including Nami. As she realizes this and attempts to add herself to the discussion as well, she is shocked as the four of them collectively decide that Enel will be the one eliminated.   