Nami and Enel board Maxim, and he detects a chaos in Angel Island caused by Conis. Nami asks Enel how Mantra works, and he explains it and how his Devil Fruit ability allows him to listen to conversations by reading electrical signals. Enel declares his plans to destroy Skypiea, and Nami shivers in fear. Enel becomes quite and detects someone else, but he keeps it to himself. Back in Angel Island, the White Berets shoot at Conis to try to stop her. She rams Captain McKinley in the face with her Waver, knocking him into the side of a building. She jumps off her Waver, and it crashes into McKinley. Conis tries to get the nearby civilians to hear her please, but they reject her as a criminal. A White Beret tries to attack Conis, but she pulls out her Burn Bazooka to stop him. Conis warns the civilians to go to Cloud End and evacuate to the Blue Sea, revealing Enel intent to destroy the country. They do not believe her, and a child throws a stone at her for speaking ill of their god, hitting her in the head and drawing blood. He realizes what he did and apologizes, and Conis drops her weapon. As the White Berets charge at her, she shouts that she does not accept Enel as a god. Conis starts to tear up as she remembers her fathers sacrifice. The civilians run away fearing that Conis will soon face gods punishment, but she kneels down and sits in silence. Everyone is surprised when she is not vanquished. She explains that one of the Divine Squad soldiers escaped Upper Yard to reveal Enels plans and that both he and her father were punished for it The civilians are distraught and in disbelief, but Conis tells them that they cannot wait for a miracle. She asserts her position that people have to make a decision to save their own lives without relying on a god. Meanwhile, Luffy, Aisa, and Pierre rush to the cave where the Maxim is. Robin and the others regain consciousness but are heavily injured. Enel stands on the edge of his ship, irriated that his prophecy was wrong, and Luffy shouts up at Enel. He stands in front of the Maxim to confront the tyrant, asking what he did to his crew. Enel asks him which piece of trash the pirate is talking about as the two look ready to fight.  