Mont Blanc Noland briefly reflects on his friendship with Kalgara, from the latter suggesting that Noland remain in Jaya and marry his daughter Mousse, to all of a sudden being told that Kalgara never wants to see him again. Noland returns to the golden city of Shandora, convinced that Kalgara will be there. He implores Kalgara to explain his sudden shift in attitude towards him, but Kalgara responds by throwing a spear at Noland. Noland barely manages to dodge the spear, being sliced on the cheek  as it passes by. Kalgara warns Noland to leave his presence if he doesnt want to be killed, and Noland complies without objection.  Noland and his crew continue their work in the forest, as the Shandians eagerly await the departure of the crew with passive-aggressive attitudes. The small snake that befriended Noland and Kalgara is deeply saddened by Kalgaras refusal to ring the bell, as Kalgara states that it no longer means anything. Later that night, Nolands crew notices that Noland hasnt eaten anything as they discuss their imminent departure from the village. They again note that the bell did not ring, and that the villagers seem to be full of murderous intent for reasons they do not understand. Noland, Mousse, and the snake all observe the full moon in different mental states: the snake is still saddened at the bell not ringing, Mousse appears to be in deep thought, and Noland is still upset at the broken bond between himself and Kalgara. Mousse decides to leave, and the crew doctor also observes the moon and drinks as the rest of the crew has gone to sleep. Mousse approaches the doctor from the shadows hoping to talk, as the doctor is greatly startled at her presence.  Kalgara sits among a multitude of tree stumps in the forest of Jaya, confused and frustrated that Nolands crew has chopped down so many of their trees. He asks if this was all the sacrifice for Nolands healing, lamenting that he ever allowed Noland to stay. Mousse explains to the crew doctor that the trees they have cut down are known as the Forest of Embodiment, and they house the souls of the Shandian ancestors. The sound of the bell guides the souls to this forest, where their souls rest. To the Shandians, it is their duty to guard the forest, as it is more important than their lives. The doctor finally understands why the Shandians are upset with them, and Mousse further explains that they havent acted on their feelings because they are still grateful for the crew saving their lives. Although the Shandians understand that there was no way the crew could have known this, they are nonetheless upset at the desecration of what was considered holy ground.  The next day as the crew prepares to leave, Noland finally understands his transgression. The doctor attempts to justify the crews actions as necessary, but Noland states that they cant find excuses for themselves. In an attempt to set things right, he orders his crew to give back all the gold that the Shandians allowed them to take. Mousse runs back to the Shandian Village in haste, seeking her father. When she finds him she drops down before him in tears, asking if the Shandians would have chopped down the trees as well if they knew that the trees were making their people sick. She begs her father to let the crew stay, emphasizing that the Shandians will regret it forever if they allow their relationship to dissolve like this. Remembering Kalgara and Nolands bond, she tells her father that he will make the "Savior of Shandora" sad for the rest of his life if he does not rectify this. As Kalgara demands for his daughter to explain, Mousse recalls more details of her discussion with the doctor the night before: The doctor explains that the Forest of Embodiment was actually already dead, to Mousses shock. He notes that Tree Fever spreads by using the trees themselves as a medium for infestation, so anyone who enters the forest became infected. Furthermore, the disease has claimed countless lives, so the one hundred casualties that the Shandians suffered is truly nothing compared to what would have happened without Nolands intervention. Once an infected tree is found, it, as well as all other surrounding trees must be cut down in order to prevent the infestation from spreading. He concludes that they have dealt with the infestation in its entirety however, so the island is now completely safe. The trees were cut down out of necessity, not with the intention of disrespecting the Shandians ancestors. The Shandians are horrified by their grave error in judgment, finally realizing that Noland was protecting Shandora as well. Kalgara quickly races off, despite the cries from the Shandians that Nolands ship is probably long gone.  Aboard Nolands ship, the crew is excited to head back to Lvneel, though there a few crewmates that are saddened by having to leave the gold. As Kalgara races through the forest, he thinks to himself about how he was wrong about Noland, hoping that his friend will wait for him. As Nolands ship departs the cost, the crew notices that the bell is finally ringing once again. The entire Shandian village is working together to ring the bell, apologetic for their treatment of Noland and determined to make sure that Noland hears the bell. Kalgara runs to the shore and shouts for Noland, who happens to still be close enough to see and hear him. Kalgara pleads for his friend to come back some day, telling him that he will be waiting and ringing the bell for him. He promises that the Shandians will guard this place no matter what, and to not let any storms stop him from coming back, as the bell will always be ringing for him until he does. Kalgara states that they will once again be friends, and Noland tearfully promises that they will meet again.   