The chapter opens with Sanji and Chopper yelling information about Aqua Laguna near the Going Merry as an attempt to let Usopp know and prepare for it without telling him directly. As the pair charge back to the town, Usopp is seen to have heard this but not identify the voices. Back at the shipyard, Nami continues to struggle from the angry citizens, trying to reason with them. However, the citizens and Galley-La Company members fail to listen and declare that both them and the citizens of Water 7 now see them as enemies. The Galley-La members, now knowing of Luffys Devil Fruit abilities, continue their attack. Luffy still refuses to attack and is blasted by a bazooka. The crowd cheer as a concerned Nami cries Luffys name. She then notices Franky, Mozu and Kiwi sitting watching and drinking at a table. Still in a rage that the Galley-La Company members interrupted his fight, he throws the table to catch their attention. The members tell him simply to back off which infuriates him even more. The crowd begin to warn the Galley-La as Franky prepares to attack using his arms like a cannon. He reveals that it will shoot an air bullet which he used earlier and destroy the crane. A huge ship is destroyed by the blast and the Galley-La Company members are thrown into the air. The crane falls and many of the citizens flee as Dock One is ruined. Nami manages to escape the crowd as Luffy emerges from the smoke unharmed. The pair decide to go confront Iceburg and to find out the truth. Mozu and Kiwi question Franky on what they will do next and he admits that that last attack was his last as shown by his hair which is flopped down on his face. He says that once he has refueled, he will go after Luffy, although he admits that it will be tough. The Galley-La Company all appear unharmed and discuss what they will do next. Since the Aqua Laguna is due that night, they conclude that the only way off the island is the two trains since the Going Merry is in no condition to sail. As Kokoro, Chimney, and Gonbe arrive in the city, the Galley-La Company states that this would be over by dawn.  