In the Puffing Tom, Robin informs the delighted Franky that Iceburg is still alive but he must keep quiet about this as the CP9 still believe him to be dead. At this, Franky discusses how the World Government now have both keys to awaken Pluton but states that he must get her back to the Straw Hat Pirates. Despite her refusal, he continues that it is she who is in danger and that she has not caused any crime as her existence is not a crime. Meanwhile, the Franky Family have been separated from those on the Rocketman as the Sea Train was derailed thanks to Yokozuna. Up ahead, they notice disconnected cars and decide to slow down to discover whether it is friend or foe. On the Rocketman, Luffy argues with Yokozuna for derailing the Rocketman while the others question whether it is still possible to reach Enies Lobby. Kokoro explains that they have an Eternal Pose to every station and Nami informs her she is a navigator and will help with directions. Kokoro calls Yokozuna and explains the situation to him including that Franky has been taken away just like Tom. After this, he agrees to help out and they continue on their way. The Puffing Tom finally reaches the station at Enies Lobby as Franky comically bites the Marines trying to pull him off the train. They are shocked to see that Enies Lobby is an island in a hole in the ocean. Inside Enies Lobby, Spandam exclaims that this will be the first time in five years since all the CP9 have been together but begins to scold the three other members of how they killed more people than they should have on their mission. It is learned that Fukurou had told them what they were planning to do angering Jabra while Kumadori attempts to commit suicide however, activates tekkai before managing to do so. The Franky Family are seen to have picked up both Sanji and Sogeking as they continue to race towards Enies Lobby which is just ahead. At that moment, the Rocketman appears and as they realize Enies Lobby is in sight, they prepare for battle!  