Nami and Kalifas battle is interrupted by Choppers arrival in his Monster Point. Kalifa thinks that Nami is a Zoan user because Chopper appeared where Kalifa thought Nami was. Kalifa uses Geppo on Chopper to no avail. Nami tries to get Choppers attention by asking what happened to him. Chopper sees Nami and then brings his fist down on her. Nami jumps out of the way. Kalifa realizes that Chopper in front of her is not Nami. Chopper picks up Kalifas bed and throws it over the railing. Nami realizes that the bed Chopper threw is headed right for Sanji on the first floor. Chopper breaks through the wall and is standing next to the railing. Nami realizes she has to stop Chopper and Kalifa comments on how the Straw Hats have a creepy pet. Nami ignores her, bothering Kalifa. Kalifa says she does not care if Nami stops Chopper, but she has to stop her. She attacks Nami with Rankyaku. Nami thinks she cannot dodge the attack due to being slippery, but miraculously does. Nami realizes that one of her feet is back to normal. It had gotten wet earlier and Nami realizes how to counter Kalifas abilities. She runs over to the water from the bathtub pipe to soak her body but Kalifa attacks her before she can reach it. Kalifa tells Nami there is no way she can let her do that. Kalifa then gets ready to attack Nami with Hitsuji Gumo, Relax Awa. Nami tries to counter with her Clima-Tact but her slippery hands drop it. Nami feels her strength fading from the Relax Awa. Kalifa attacks Nami with Bending Shigan Whip. Nami then thanks Kalifa for hitting her because the more she blows her away, the more she blows away the soap. Nami then uses Cloud Tempo to make storm clouds. She makes it rain with a Cool Ball and then promptly uses the staff to block a kick from Kalifa. Nami then uses Cool Charge and then Mirage Tempo. Nami then tells Kalifa that she figured out Kalifas ability and the only way to counter her strength is to catch her off guard. Nami then uses Fata Morgana. While Kalifa is distracted, Nami attacks Kalifa with Thunder Ball.  