Nami asks Sanji how he returned to normal. Sanji tells her that a bathtub landed near him and he got wet. Sogeking apologizes to Sanji for not being able to handle Jabra. Sanji says he does not care as long as Sogeking is fine. He then looks outside and sees the Gate of Justice are about to open. Spandam is dragging Robin up the stairs by her hair. Luffy is still fighting Rob Lucci. Franky is running down a hallway trying to catch up with Robin and Spandam. Chimney is painting arrows on the walls so the others can follow Robin. At the entrance to Enies Lobby, everyone is trying to escape. The Sea Trains carriages are full to capacity, with people even riding on the roof. Someone calls for ships to be sent in from remote islands. The Galley-La foremen and Franky Family are also trying to escape. They were freed by Paulie who had tied himself up to trick the agents. Back in the tower, Sanji tells Sogeking to leave Jabras key to him. He also tells Sogeking that if he gets there, then he could definitely rescue Robin. Nami drags Sogeking away as Jabra uses Soru. He then uses Tekkai Kenpo Ookami Hajiki. Sanji is blasted into a wall. Sogeking suddenly understands what Sanji told him. He yells it, which attracts Jabras attention. Jabra decides he should kill them. But before he can do anything, Sanji kicks his head into a wall. Jabra tries to attack him with Jusshigan, but Sanji easily avoids it. Sanji then attacks with Troisième Hachis. Jabra manages to counter somewhat with a Tekkai. Jabra then attacks Sanji with Rankyaku Koro. Sanji then attacks Jabra with a barrage of Basses Côtes, Longe, Tendron, Flanchet, Quasi, Queue, Cuisse, and Jarret. Sanji then runs up on him and uses Veau Shoot, which Jabra absorbs with Tekkai. Jabra then attacks Sanji with Rouga. Jabra then tells Sanji he is the only member of CP9 that can move while using Tekkai. Sanji attacks him with Deuxième Hachis. Jabra then laughs and tosses his key at Sanjis feet. He tells Sanji that Robin is his long lost younger sister and he needs Sanji to rescue her. Sanji is surprised. He goes over to pick up the key. Just as Jabra is about to attack him, Sanji delivers a kick to his chin, asking Jabra if he really thought he would fall for his lie.  