After being knocked down by Zoros Nigori Zake, Kaku got angry and claimed he has not yet shown his real Devil Fruit strength. Kaku used his Kirin Houdai: Kyouki Bigan Kilinmanjaro and attacked Zoro, but Zoro dodged it. Kaku then uses Neji Hakujin and Zoro managed to block it. Kaku prepared himself once again to use Kilimanjaro but he pulled his neck inside so fast that his legs extended, surprising both Zoro and himself. Then Kaku realized he can use that form in battle and gives it the name of Pasta Machine. Zoro got angry saying that it was not the time to be thinking names for his attacks. Kaku claimed he is very good in unexpected situations and then used Kilimanjaro. Zoro used Tatsu Maki to strike back, making Kaku use Geppo and jump high in the air. Then he fell, attacking with his swords, Zoro tried to block it but Kakus strength was too much. Kaku then bombarded Zoro with continuous sword slashes while he said he has several advantages: his Four Sword Style, his Rokushiki, and his giraffe form. However, Zoro stopped the attack saying that advantages are not enough to beat him. Zoro prepared his counterattack and used Hyo Kin Dama, Kaku tried to dodge it with Kami-E but somehow Zoro managed to slash him, knocking Kaku down. Kaku went berserk and attacked with Rankyaku: Shuriken. Zoro tried blocking them but Kakus attacks were too strong and the giraffe hit him in the stomach with Kilimanjaro knocking down the pirate. Before Zoro could stand, Kaku struck him with Henchikirin and Kenchikirin. After Zoro stood up, Kaku used Gekirin; a great barrage of sword slashes and Rokushiki. Zoro tried to block them, and finally, he has awoken some kind of dark aura within him. Kaku stopped. He thinks he has seen the form of a demon god of six arms and three faces. Kaku decided to end the battle, he started spinning in order to deliver his strongest Rankyaku: Amenadachi. Zoro saw this and activated his ultimate form: Nine Sword Style, gaining two extra faces and four extra arms, giving him the form of the demon god Kaku saw before. Kaku delivered his Amenadachi. Zoro blocked it with his nine swords and then disintegrated Kakus attack. Finally, Zoro charged against his opponent and with Asura: Ichibugin, ended the face off.  