At the Marine Headquarters, all Marines suddenly become alert as news gets out that Shanks and Whitebeard are about to meet. As both pirate ships approach each other, Whitebeards men announce Shanks is coming. Marco gives the warning to the younger crew members to step back as they "will not last", causing them to question why. They soon get their answer as one by one the weaker crew members collapse unconsciously onto the floor. Marco is unfazed by the situation and ensures the crew not to make a fuss about it, while Jozu notes that Shanks Haki is as strong as ever. Shanks apologizes for his actions, since Whitebeard is still an enemy ship he was just being cautious. Marco points out what Shanks has done to him, Shanks turns round and in return asks him to join his crew, which Marco angrily turned down his offer. Whitebeard pours some sake Shanks has brought over from his hometown in the West Blue and the two recall old times. Whitebeard recalls his days fighting Gol D. Roger and seeing Shanks as an apprentice during their fights along with the funny big nose that Shanks hung around. Shanks counters the memory with his own of the pair splitting up at Loguetown after Rogers death. Whitebeard notes how the fights between Shanks and Mihawk still ring in his ear. When the subject of his missing left arm is brought up, Shanks replies he bet it on the future recalling the memory of Luffy. The conversation hits a more serious note as Shanks points to his scarred left eye. One of Whitebeards crew gave it to him, Marshall D. Teach. Shanks has known what Teach has been up to all these years and tries to warn Whitebeard of what may happen if Ace and Teach meet, he begs Whitebeard to stop the search. When Whitebeard outright refuses and states he will teach Teach about morals, Shanks reacts by drawing his sword, stating the rampaging era will not be stopped. Whitebeard and Shanks clash weapons, splitting the skies to the shock of both captains crew members. Elsewhere, Blackbeard crew prepares to chase Luffy who has had his bounty raised, and also is nearby. However, they are stopped by Ace who has finally found them.  