The scene opens with almost everyone in Water 7 on Scrap Island, telling everyone to shield their eyes and Franky to put his panties back on (in addition to calling him a pervert). Franky demands his underwear from Luffy, but Luffy tells him again that if he wants them back, he will have to join his crew. Franky simply replies that hes not about to leave Water 7 for something like that, because "Even a naked man is great, if he faces the waves like a lion." Robin then using her powers, tightly grasps Frankys genitals. Franky runs around in great pain as Mozu, Kiwi, Luffy and Chopper react in fear. Despite this, Franky refuses to comply. Just as Franky begins to explain to the Straw Hats that while he is thankful to them more than he himself can imagine, Iceburg reminds Franky of his words as a child, he had said his "Dream Ship" will not be his dream ship just because he built it based on his blueprints. It has to face the many challenges the sea has to offer, and once that day comes, he will become a shipwright and ride on that ship. Back in the present, Franky says he changed his mind on what he wants to do, but Iceburg replies that the stuff hes doing on the island is simply compensating for what he wants. He tells him that Tom was taken away so that he could give Franky a new direction to go in. He also reminds him of all the good things he has done in Water 7, although Franky said that the things he was doing he did not think were good. Then Iceburg tells Franky that he forgives him for what hes done, as did Tom, but he tells him he needs to forgive himself. Franky then begins to cry, shouting, "It hurts! It hurts!" The Franky Family then apologize for their rash behavior. Franky shoos them, saying he decides what he will do with his life, and that he, as a boss, can not follow a path his men prepared for him. Zambai the shouts to him that they were the one how that helped them out, so he should deserve to be happy as well. Franky then bursts into tears, again shouting, "It hurts! It hurts!" Everyone then tells Robin to stop hurting Franky. Franky, though his tears, tells Robin he will never forgive her for this. Luffy, however, realizes Robin is not the one making him cry. Robin admitted to causing the initial reaction, but says that now Franky is using that as an excuse for hiding the real cause. Then a flashback of when Zambai first met Franky, including the Square Sisters, and the Franky Family was formed. Suddenly, Zoro and Sanji come running back to the ship, saying that Luffys grandfather, Vice Admiral Garp, is approaching. Luffy, confused at first, tosses Franky his underwear, and tells him to hurry up and get on. Franky, saying theyll never be able to fix the ship without a proper shipwright, agrees to join their crew. Franky then thinks of all the people hes grown up with, before saying good-bye to everyone.  