Gecko Moria laughs and exclaims there are five Straw Hats (Franky, Brook, Robin, Sanji, Chopper) down and three left (Zoro, Nami, Usopp) to go. As Nami and Usopp begin to panic, not knowing what else to do to battle Moria and Oars, Zoro tells Usopp he will give him a shot and proceeds to attack Oars right arm, using Three Sword Style: Yasha Garasu. When Oars proclaims that the attack is not going to work, Zoro prepares to use Tora Gari, only for Oars to directly knock Zoro into a building, severely injuring him, and leaving two Straw Hats left still standing. Usopp then fired something into Oars mouth, which was revealed to be salt. As Usopp explains to a confused Nami that salt is a zombies main weakness, Luffys shadow begins to come out of Oars mouth, only for Moria to use his shadow to take the salt out and throw it back to a perplexed Usopp. Out of options, Usopp and Nami begin to lose hope, as Oars uses Gomu Gomu no Stamp to smash them both. A mysterious figure then appears on the side of Oars, asking him what does he think he is stomping on. The mysterious figure turns out to be Luffy, having saved Usopp and Nami from Oars, however he has a bulkier and more sinister appearance than normal. Nami and Usopp then thank Luffy for saving them, before they show surprise that its him. As Usopp tells Luffy to be careful as Oars can use all of his techniques and even stretch himself, and as Moria wonders if Luffy is capable of transforming himself, he exclaims that it doesnt matter and commands Oars to use Gomu Gomu no Rifle, only for Luffy to effortlessly block the attack with his hand, much to the shock of everyone. Luffy, telling Oars that "there is only one Monkey D. Luffy", punches Oars away.  The zombies of Thriller Bark notice a cloud above them, only for them to immediately realize that its actually a flying Oars from being punched by Luffy, and proceed to evacuate the area. Much to the disbelief of the zombies, Nami, and Usopp, Luffy proceeds to pummel Oars around.  