Thriller Bark is still floating, but everything on the island is destroyed due to Kumas Ursus Shock attack. The Rolling Pirates and Straw Hat Pirates all appear to be badly injured and knocked unconscious. Kuma passes by all of the knocked out pirates, stopping at where Luffy is at. He picks Luffy up, but Zoro suddenly comes out and attacks Kuma with Ittoryu Iai: Shishi Sonson, revealing Kumas body as metal. Kuma then fires a laser from his mouth, which Zoro barely dodges but it ends up grazing him. Kuma then reveals that he is a Pacifista created by the World Government, a superior cyborg in comparison to Franky. Zoro has no idea what that is, so Kuma goes on to explain what a Pacifista is, saying that they were made by the scientist Dr. Vegapunk, and made advancements that others would have made five hundred years later. Zoro asks why he must kill Luffy, and he says its his best offer. Zoro, commenting that his body is too battered to do what he tells it to do, offers Kuma to take his head instead of Luffys, and Kuma asks him why he would give up his ambition to be the worlds best swordsman and die in Luffys place and how would his ambition be satisfied if Zoro dies. Zoro responds by saying Luffy must become the Pirate King. Sanji then intervenes and says that Zoro is an idiot and Kuma should kill Sanji if someone must die, also commenting that while Sanjis bounty isnt particularly high, he would soon be the most dangerous member of the Straw Hat Pirates. Zoro then knocks Sanji out, and Sanji calls him a bastard for it before fainting. Zoro throws his swords on the ground, continuing his deal with Kuma. Kuma, admiring Zoros spirit, remarks that his honor would be at stake if he laid a hand on Luffy after this. Telling Zoro he will experience hell, Kuma picks Luffy up and uses his powers and extracts all of Luffys pain and fatigue. Kuma allows Zoro to have a taste, giving him a small amount, which appears to greatly injure Zoro and leave him on the ground in pain. Zoro then decides he wants to move to another location. Later, Kuma comments about how amazing Dragons son is to have such great companions. Sanji and everyone else wake up to find Kuma gone and Luffy is miraculously better and no longer injured. Sanji, noticing Zoro is not with them, goes off to find Zoro extremely wounded with blood scattered all over the area. Sanji asks Zoro what happened and if hes still alive, and Zoro replies that nothing happened.  