The chapter begins with the Straw Hats discussing battle strategies to bring down the Flying Fish Riders. Usopp suggests using cannons to shoot them down, while Camie and Pappag are worrying about Hatchan. The scene shifts to the Flying Fish Riders base where the riders are wondering why they were called back. Duval says that this was because he wants the pirates alive. Duval then rants about why he hates a certain man with all of his subordinates agreeing. He then calls for the Macro Pirates and they are introduced. Macro, a gulper eel fish-man, Tansui, an arowana fish-man, and Gyaro a demekin goldfish fish-man. Duval thanks them for capturing Hatchan because now the Straw Hat Pirates are coming. Duval is very pleased because the man he wants to kill is on that ship. When Hatchan, who is in a cage, hears this, he fears the worst, due to his unfortunate past with them. He is concerned as to whether they have captured Camie or not. Hatchan is afraid that the Straw Hats will cause trouble for him. Finally the Straw Hats arrive to the Flying Fish Riders base. Duval is even more pleased when his subordinates report the siting of the man he is looking for. At the Thousand Sunny, Camie sees Hatchan and begins screaming his name. The Straw Hats note that the base is very ominous and silent. Hatchan covers himself with ink when he sees Camie and the Straw Hats, the Straw Hats recognize his voice, but not his appearance, which leads Sanji to ask him how Arlong has been, which Hatchan reveals Arlong and the rest of his crew were captured by the Marines, and that he managed to break out, and achieved his dream of starting his own Takoyaki stand. The Straw Hats conclude that the enemy is all around them, beginning to aim. Luffy and Hatchan begin to calmly have a talk when Luffy suddenly realizes who he is. Luffy remarks "I knew it was you!" much to the surprise of Hatchan. Usopp then begins to explain to the other crewmates about Namis past and how the Arlong Pirates occupied her hometown. Zoro and Nami begin to realize that this was Camies friend and many of them have regrets about promising to save him. Suddenly Camie jumps off the ship exclaiming that she will save Hatchan. The Macro Pirates who were underwater come up and capture Camie. It is also revealed that all of the Flying Fish Riders are underwater as well. Sanji is determined to at least save Camie when Nami says the Hatchan is innocent and that they should save him as well, because they did promise to save him while Sanji comments that he adore her forgiving self. Meanwhile Luffys eyes have turned into octopus fritters at the thought of Hatchans octopus fritters. Luffy then swings into action, revealing his Devil Fruit powers when he jumps out of the boat and stretches his arms to save Camie and Pappag. Luffy orders Zoro to cut the bars on Hatchans cage. Immediately afterwards the Flying Fish Riders exclaim that this was a trap and the Straw Hats are completely surrounded. Duval orders an attack and the Straw Hats get ready for battle.  