At the Marine Headquarters, Garp receives news that the "Dark King", Silvers Rayleigh, is being sold at the auction at the Sabaody Archipelago. Garp decides to do nothing: if the marines go, they will have to face two legends. Meanwhile, down at the auction house, the monthly auction commences. Camie is seen sitting on a bench handcuffed and neckcuffed. The first slave is put up for auction. Eustass Kid and Trafalgar Law both along with their crews are seen sitting in the auction. At the same time, Duval is transporting Sanji to the house. Sanji looks down at the list of prices for the classes of slaves and their prices. Camie, who is a mermaid, costs around 70,000,000. After Usopp interrogates another kidnapping team, the news is relayed to the rest of the Straw Hat Pirates. The Hound Pets headquarters is located at Grove 1. Approaching the house, Sanji panics because half an hour has passed since the auction started. Luckily, Duval mentions that Camie would be a spotlight "item" and would not be put up for sale until the very end. When they arrive at the house, Franky, Nami, Chopper, Hatchan, and Pappag are there, trying to convince the guards to give Camie back. They refuse, of course, stating that the Straw Hats actions are obstructing their business. No matter what they try to do, they decide that they will have to win Camie by winning her legally, by purchasing her back. As they enter the house, Eustass sees them. He is disappointed that Luffy is not there as he wants to see how "big" of an idiot he is. A dancing girl named Pascia is put up. Sanji asks if they can bid on her too only to be kicked by Chopper and elbowed by Nami. Meanwhile Luffy, Zoro, Robin, Brook, and Usopp are heading towards the house. At Grove 24, the daily newspaper comes out and all of the pirates are shocked by the news that has just been announced. X Drake mentions that the marines are so short on hand, despite for the fact that their headquarters are so close to the archipelago, and that now he knows why; Portgas D. Ace has been sentenced to a public execution. Drake mentions that Whitebeard will retaliate for sure and that the Marines are asking for a war with the Whitebeard Pirates.  