Outside the Human Auction House, the Heart Pirates begin to escape with Bepo beating Marines easily, with agility. Jean Bart destroys the bridge behind them, and as he and Bepo run, Bepo makes sure that Bart knows that since he is new, he is at a lower rank than Bepo. Soon afterwards, Law spots Kid and his crew fighting what appears to be Bartholomew Kuma. Kuma speaks Laws name and fires a laser beam at Law. Jean Bart states that it is not surprising that a Warlord of the Sea is at the Saboady Archipelago due to its proximity to Marine Headquarters and Mary Geoise. Law, Kid, and their crews prepare to fight as Kuma pulls off a glove. At Grove 8, Duval has beaten up the leader of the Hound Pets, Peterman, and drops off the Straw Hat Pirates, Hatchan, Camie and Rayleigh at Shakkys Rip-off Bar. Much to the entire Straw Hat Pirates surprise, Rayleigh tells them that he was the vice-captain and first mate of the Roger Pirates, under Gol D. Roger. He then tells the pirates the story of the Roger Pirates, and reveals that they were never caught by the Marines, as many people thought, but that Roger gave himself up to the Marines. Rayleigh also reveals that four years prior to Rogers death, Roger discovered that he had a terrible illness that could not be cured. Rayleigh states that Crocus sailed with them, as a doctor, keeping an eye on Rogers health. Crocus is a name the Straw Hat Pirates are familiar with as he is the person at the Twin Capes at the start of the Grand Line. Brook is most familiar with Crocus, as he entrusted his pet whale, Laboon, with Crocus. Rayleigh says that Crocus only joined the Roger Pirates as he was looking for another pirate crew, the Rumbar Pirates, Brooks crew. Even though Crocus only stayed on with the Roger Pirates for three years, he still was considered a crewmate by Rayleigh. Rayleigh starts to talk about Roger, how he was always happy and like flashy things like parties or battles. But then, Roger ordered that the Roger Pirates was to be disbanded, which they did. After one year of disbanding, Roger turned himself in, was taken to his hometown, Loguetown in the East Blue, where he was executed. Rayleigh says that the last words spoken to him by Roger himself was "I will not die, partner." Then Rayleigh says that his execution was supposed to be a warning to other pirates in the world; however, his death began the Great Pirate Age. Rayleigh says that the only people that can form the Pirate Age is actually the people living in it. He also states that Shanks and Buggy were in the plaza. It turns out that Shanks had spoken to Rayleigh about Luffy, and that Shanks and Buggy were once apprentices of the Roger Pirates. At the Grove 27s harbor, a pirate says that a Marine battleship has arrived, possibly with an admiral on board. Everyone starts to run as the Marine battleship begins to fire on the island, and Kizaru rides in on one of the cannonballs. As it explodes, Kizaru lands and makes a call over a Den Den Mushi.  