Luffy, Usopp, Johnny and Yosaku are horrified at the cut Zoro has received, while the Krieg Pirates are in pure disbelief that someone as strong as Zoro stood no chance against the power of the Grand Line. Remembering Zoros earlier words that his ambition meant he no longer had any attachment to his own life, Sanji is still perplexed that Zoro wouldnt throw it away if it meant certain death. He states that it should be simple, yelling out to Zoro as he falls into the ocean. After having seen his first friend utterly defeated, Luffy charges against Mihawk full of rage while Johnny and Yosaku dive in to save Zoro. He does so by extending his arm all the way over to Mihawks location, shocking everyone present, as they were unaware he was a Devil Fruit user. He is easily avoided, as Mihawk deduces that he is one of Zoros friends. Instead of fighting, the swordsman tells him that Zoro is not dead.   As Johnny and Yosaku recover Zoros body from the ocean, Dracule Mihawk re-introduces himself, telling Zoro that it is much too early for him to die. Mihawk implores Zoro to learn more about both the world and himself, and to become strong. He promises that no matter how long it will take, he shall await him at the top in his strongest form. He encourages Zoro to press on with his strong will and surpass his sword, but more importantly, surpass him. While Usopp, Johnny, and Yosaku attempt to resuscitate Zoro, Mihawk turns to Luffy and asks him his goal. When Luffy answers "Pirate King", Mihawk smiles and casually tells Luffy that will be much more difficult than surpassing him. Luffy is undeterred by this, and asks Usopp if Zoro is ok. Usopp says that hes still alive, and only lost consciousness. Johnny and Yosaku plead for Zoro to say something, and to everyones shock, he lifts his blade in the air. He apologizes to his captain for making him worry, repeating his earlier sentiment to him that he would be in a real dilemma as Pirate King if Zoro was not the Worlds Greatest Swordsman. Fighting against his pain and coughing up blood, he tearfully vows to Luffy that until the day he defeats Mihawk and becomes the Worlds Greatest Swordsman, he will never lose again. He asks his captain as future Pirate King if he has any issues with this, which Luffy happily denies. Satisfied by these spirits, Mihawk turns to leave without paying much attention to the Don Krieg pirates who he was looking for in the first place. He tells Luffy that him and Zoro make a good team, and wishes to see them again in the future. This new nonchalant attitude towards Krieg angers him, and he attempts to fire on Mihawk. The swordsman deals another devastating blow to whats left of the galleon, sending Kriegs men flying. When the dust settles, Mihawk is no longer present.  Having jumped back aboard the Baratie in the wake of Krieg and Mihawks clash, Luffy tells Usopp to go on ahead and get Nami. Usopp promises to do so, then asks Luffy to stay here and convince Sanji to join them. He suggests that when they have five people in the crew, they should go to the Grand Line, and Luffy agrees. Sanji notices that Don Kriegs men are starting to plot something. Luffy decides to make a deal with Zeff: if he gets rid of them, it will settle his debt with him.  