In New Kama Land, Level 5.5, Luffy has been devouring days-worth of food for the past half hour. Mr. 2 just stares in shock while Ivankov comments on Luffys will to live. When Luffy eventually finishes eating, he emerges with an emaciated body except around his waist. He then digests the food, returning his body to its normal appearance, which shocks the newkama. They then cheer over his miraculous recovery from Magellans poisons. Mr. 2 faints from extreme exhaustion, and Ivankov explains how Mr. 2 cheered Luffy on for hours, for which Luffy thanks Mr. 2. Inazuma returns Luffys hat and vest and advises that he rest a few more days, but Luffy still insists on going forth, down to Level 6, following his Vivre Card. Luffy asks Ivankov if he was going to break out of Impel Down, as Mr. 2 had gone down to Level 5 to break the former Queen of the Okamas out. Ivankov replies with that the situation of the world was too fierce and that one man, other than Whitebeard and the Seven Warlords of the Sea was to react. This man was a compatriot and his name is Monkey D. Dragon, at which Luffy nonchalantly replies that Dragon is his father. Ivankov begins mentioning that he will return to world affairs once Dragon mobilizes the Revolutionary Army, but then processes what Luffy said, which takes him completely aback. Ivankov finds it hard to believe that Dragon had a son. Luffy says that he was not supposed to tell anyone and was to keep it a secret. However, Ivankov seems to believe it and thinks to himself about the current situation, and how it all fits together: Luffys status of a Supernova and his unbelievable will. When Ivankov asks Luffy where he comes from, Luffy replies with the East Blue. Ivankov then recalls a time he caught Dragon staring off toward the East Blue and confronted him about it, and Dragon ordered him to stay out of it. Ivankov orders Inazuma to find out the departure time for Ace, saying that he will accompany Luffy to Level 6 of Impel Down. Ivankov quickly tells Luffy that he is one of Dragons allies, a leader in the Revolutionary Army, that being the reason why he was imprisoned. Ivankov summons the ones willing to join them and Luffy shouts that he will save Ace but falls down. Knowing Luffy will not care about the aftereffects, Ivankov uses Emporio Tension Hormones, which give Luffy a days worth of adrenaline. On another level of the prison, Hannyabal is flicking through Mr. 2s, Mr. 3s, and Buggys mugshots. All three were confirmed to have entered Level 5 and are assumed to have been eaten by the wolves. Inside the lift to Level 6, Domino states that Magellan is late and tells him to control his diarrhea in future circumstances. Domino also reveals that Ace is to be transferred at 0900 at the Main Entrance, to the Marines. At the main entrance, Vice Admiral Onigumo orders his subordinates not to let their guards down and reveals that the convoy transferring Ace is to have five Marine warships and five Vice Admirals. Ivankov, Inazuma, and Luffy race through the wolves den on Level 5 and smash through wolves. Prisoners of the level are in awe that the "demoned away" Ivankov has returned. In the monitor room, guards notice the three entering the passage between Levels 5 and 6 and identify all three. Hannyabal orders for traps to be activated and that Magellen and all Monitor Rooms to be alerted. However, Magellan and Domino are already on Level 6, preparing to transport Ace.  