Emporio Ivankov, Inazuma and Luffy make their way down the stairs into Level 6, breaking through the traps and defeating all the guards. As they enter Level 6, they discover that Aces cell is empty, and Inazuma notes they were too late. Recognizing Luffy by his straw hat, Jinbe is astonished that not only had Hancock not lied about Luffys entrance to Impel Down, but the pirate in question also made it down to the Great Prisons lowest and most restricted Level. Jinbe insists that Luffy hurry after Ace who had just recently gone up the lift. However, the prison staff are monitoring them, and as the trio look up the lift, a giant pad with spikes comes falling down, preventing them from going up the lift cables. A metal cage then surrounds the stairs, stopping them from exiting, and sleeping gas erupts, putting Luffy to sleep. On Level 1, Magellan has to forcibly restrain Ace. Magellan says that they all heard the report and that resistance is useless. Magellan claims that Luffy, as a pirate, was doomed the minute he set foot into Impel Down. Ace silently despairs, as he had hoped that Boa had lied, and questions why Luffy came. As the sleeping gas starts to fill the entire room of Level 6, Inazuma turns his hands into scissors, cuts the stone floor into strips, and then folds the strips over the staircase, blocking the gas coming through the metal cage. Ivankov explains to the prisoners about Inazumas ability, the Choki Choki no Mi. Luffy wakes and complains that the stairs are closed off now, to which Inazuma replies that it was the only way to stop the gas. With no option of exiting, Ivankov knocks out the visual Den Den Mushi. Since Aces Vivre Card was no longer pointing directly upwards, indicating that he had been already handed over to the Marines, Ivankov states that they will help Luffy escape but leave Aces rescue to Whitebeard. However, Luffy makes the decision of following Ace to the Marine Headquarters. Ivankov warns him that the upcoming war will have incredibly stronger fighters, like Whitebeard, the Admirals, the Vice Admirals, and the Seven Warlords of the Sea. Luffy states if he was to give up now, he would regret it and that he is going. Ivankov is reminded of what it like talking to Dragon. Crocodile then offers to make a hole in the ceiling for them to escape if they were to set him free. Crocodile points out that it would be to both of their advantages as this would provide him an opportunity to escape and challenge Whitebeard, while allowing Luffy to continue going after Ace. Although reluctant to let Crocodile out, Ivankov reveals that he knew Crocodile from long ago and states that he knows a weakness of Crocodiles but will keep it secret as long as Crocodile does not betray them. Some of the other prisoners shout to be let out as well, but Ivankov shuts them up with a Death Wink. Jinbe then begs to be let out and admits that he knew Ace since he joined the Whitebeard Pirates and that he wants to save Ace himself. Ivankov is astonished at another person of tremendous power joining Luffys entourage. Luffy agrees and dismisses Inazumas caution. More prisoners shout to be let out, but Ivankov shuts them up as well. Ivankov states that they are to go immediately. Upon exiting their cells, Jinbe and Crocodile glare at each other. Jinbe warns Crocodile that he will not allow Crocodile to harm Whitebeard, to which Crocodile responds with a challenge to a fight to the death. Inazuma states that they now have two Warlords freshly recruited from Level 6 fighting for their side, which surprises Luffy who is unaware of Jinbes status.  