The Marines are still shocked that Marco took an attack from Kizaru and was still standing. They all talk about the rumors of Marcos ability. Kizaru comments on the "Mythical Beast" Zoan, saying it was scarier than a Logia as Marco takes on the form of a phoenix. Marco hurtles towards Kizaru in his Zoan form and turns into the common hybrid form for a Zoan, half animal and human. He kicks Kizarus elbow and is sent crashing to the ground. Kizaru seems unharmed and orders the Giant Squad to prepare for air assaults. The group of Marine giants prepare themselves, heading towards the Whitebeard Pirates. The pirates of Whitebeard prepare themselves for the "big boys", telling everyone to stand back. Jozu appears to lift something and turns out to be a gigantic piece of an iceberg, big enough to easily cover the Giant Squad of the Marines. Akainu looks up, saying that there were all of them out there, yet they could not protect the place. Akainu stands up and his arm turns into what appears to be black smoke but is later revealed to be a magma rock fist. Akainu aims the fist at the iceberg and evaporates the entire iceberg and also sends magma projectiles towards the Whitebeard Pirates. Whitebeard still stands on the whale head of his ship, watching as the projectiles destroy one of his ships. Whitebeard mutters, saying that Akainu thought he was "cool" with his fire. Whitebeard catches a flaming rock from Akainu, catching it on his weapon. He tells Akainu to go light a birthday cake, which the Marine admiral retorts that he would like to light Whitebeards funeral pyre. Battle rages throughout the bay: two Whitebeard Pirates are seen taking on a Marine Giant while a man holding a flaming katana attacks a group of Marines. During this fighting, a huge Giant appears, similar to Oars. It is then revealed that this is in fact Oars descendant, "Little Oars Jr." Gecko Moria crackles, surprised that Oars descendant was under Whitebeards command and that he wanted to claim his corpse. Donquixote Doflamingo also laughs, saying that things have just turned interesting.  