Everyone is shocked as they watched Squard stab Whitebeard in the chest. As the events are broadcasted to the whole world via Den Den Mushi, an angry Marco steps in and pushes Squard to the ground. Squard explain the reasons for his actions saying that Whitebeard made a deal with the world government, sparing his life, Aces and the rest of Whitebeards crew while the life of his allies would be in danger of getting killed. Furthermore, Squard seems to hold a grudge against Gol D. Roger for decimating his comrades years ago and that having Whitebeard befriend Ace was already betrayal on his part. He then loudly shouts his observation saying that the marines are only attacking the allies and not Whitebeard himself. To complicate things even more, the walls of ice Aokiji created at the beginning of the battle is trapping all the pirates in the bay. As Whitebeards allies begin doubting Whitebeard himself, Aokiji freezes Buggy and his Impel Down crewmates and the whole world is left questioning whether this was planned from the start. Soon after theres an order to raise the siege wall. Crocodile then comments on how weak Whitebeard has become saying that Whitebeard was stronger back then. Marco, trying to figure out the entire mess comments on how Whitebeard shouldve been able to dodge it however his health is also lacking. Finally Whitebeard breaks his silence saying that Squard was a foolish son, however no matter how foolish he was he still loves him and bends down to hug him. Whitebeard asked Squard who managed to turn his loyalty against him and Squard replies by saying a member of the rebel faction said that if he managed to kill Whitebeard then his crew would be spared. Whitebeard being able to instantly infer it was Akainu tells Squard to not hate Ace for being Rogers son but to be friends with him since he has done nothing bad to Squard. Also he comments that Ace is not the only special person and that everyone in his "family" was special. Whitebeard praises Sengokus highly deceptive strategy saying hes still got the ideas to be an elite strategist. To reassure his crew and allies that Whitebeard did not sell out his children, he destroys the two ice walls blocking the way earlier so that the pirates can have an escape route. His allies now convinced that he did not sell them out are now happy after knowing the truth and Whitebeard makes a final statement before jumping off his ship and joining the fray himself. Sengoku yells to get ready as the worlds strongest man begins his attack!  