The rest of the Straw Hats are shown in further detail. At the start, there is a flashback where Luffy is shown on the Kuja Pirates ship prior to landing on Sabaody. Boa Hancock advises Luffy to be discreet and not arouse attention, since his face is widely known due to the events that took place two years ago. The flashback ends with Luffy saying goodbye to the Kuja Pirates and promising Hancock that he will see her again (she again interprets this as a marriage proposal, which Nyon quickly corrects). The next scene returns to the confrontation between the fake Straw Hats and Luffy. The fake Luffy brags about his 400,000,000 bounty to the real Luffy and demands that Luffy beg on his knees to be forgiven for knocking him over. Luffy excuses himself and begins to leave. The fake Luffy quickly decides to shoot him, but Luffy easily dodges the bullet and renders them unconscious using his Haki. Meanwhile, Robin is shown arriving at the Thousand Sunny, commenting that they left the ship alone for two whole years. She is then greeted by the new and improved Franky, who says that this might be his first and probably last improvement on his body. After a few topics being discussed by the two (like Robin being the 8th member to arrive and Rayleighs coating on the ship), Franky comments on Brooks newfound success and wonders whether or not he will actually return to the "pirate life". Brook is shown in concert, singing. The chapter progresses as the fake Straw Hats regain consciousness. Fake Luffy hardens his resolve to find Luffy, Nami, and Usopp. However, Fake Luffy is informed that Fake Robin has been kidnapped. He decides to leave her behind, which angers Chopper, who is still under the impression that they are the real Straw Hats. Chopper storms off to find Robin. As he walks away, Marines are revealed behind the corner, convinced that the fakes are real due to Choppers presence among them. They report to G1 that the Straw Hats are alive. Sentomaru hears of this and decides to take himself, PX-5, and PX-7 to Sabaody. The chapter ends with Sanji witnessing a one-eyed Zoro emerging from the ocean, having cut in half a coated pirate ship that he had accidentally boarded.  