The chapter starts out in the "no mans land" on Sabaody Archipelago. Caribou, Coribou, and their crew somehow escaped the battle and are holding the Imposter Straw Hats (save Black, Cocoa, and Fake Chopper) captive. The fakes beg for their lives as Coribou and the Caribou pirates dig holes, preparing to bury the impostors alive. Caribou reveals that he never intended to follow the Straw Hats and had planned to kill them from the inside and is very angry that he met fakes instead. The impostors continue to beg for mercy and Caribou then grabs fake Sanji and starts to suffocate him with his Devil Fruit powers. Fake Sogeking tries to stop Caribou with a bazooka but fails, as the shot is just absorbed into Caribous body. The impostors are terrified, learning that Caribou is a Logia. Caribou then orders his crew to bury the fakes and happily states that he managed to confirm the real Straw Hat Luffy. Sentomaru is then seen talking to his superiors about the Straw Hat crews escape and their newly acquired strength with Demaro Black lying on the ground, tied up and unconscious. Shakky and Rayleigh are then seen having a conversation at the coast where the Straw Hats departed. Rayleigh then thinks back to the day when he first met Gol D. Roger. This flashback also reveals that Luffys straw hat once belonged to Roger. Rayleigh then states that Luffy has taken another step towards becoming a man worthy of that hat he wears. While the Thousand Sunny is sailing underwater, the crew marvels at the site of the underwater world. Luffy and Zoro attempt to catch some of the fish only to be stopped by Usopp and Chopper. Sanji asks Nami about what the crew needs to know about the coating. As Nami starts to explain, Sanji got another massive nosebleed just by seeing Namis body move. Sanji propels himself out of the coated ship and had to be grabbed and pulled back in by Luffy. Chopper immediately starts treating Sanji while Brook shows his concern for the cook, wondering what will happen when they see the mermaids on Fish-Man Island. Nami then explains that a coated ship has all the same properties of the bubbles on the Sabaody Archipelago, where they will expand until a certain point before letting an object go through the bubble. If it gets too many holes, it would pop. Luffy and Zoro try catching fish again only to be stopped by Usopp and Chopper once more. Since Sanji is out of commission, Luffy and his crew start eating the special lunch boxes given to Luffy by Boa Hancock. Franky explains to the crew how the Thousand Sunny was kept safe for two whole years. He stated that during a battle with the marines, Hatchan and Duval suffered serious injuries and Bartholomew Kuma took over as the ships protector. It is revealed that Kuma was allowed by Dr. Vegapunk to include a single mission of his own into the programming, to "protect the ship of the Straw Hat Pirates until the day one of their members returns". The Straw Hats agree that they are indebted to Kuma. The chapter ends with the Straw Hats being unknowingly followed by the Caribou Pirates.  