The chapter starts out with Vander Decken IX setting up a scheme. He plans to use the Tamatebako to age Shirahoshi from a child into a mature woman. The problem is the Tamatebako is in the Ryugu Palace and Decken cannot enter the palace unless he marries Shirahoshi. Decken decides to give Shirahoshi ten or twenty years first. His henchmen state that Shirahoshi will be bigger but Decken says that he does not have a problem with big women. Decken starts writing wedding invitations, but his henchmen say that he needs to propose first. The paper Queen Otohime returned with was a petition with World Noble signatures, approving friendship between humans and fish-men. All the citizens of Fish-Man Island now agree with Otohime, and she gathers more signatures than ever before, more than the box can hold. Otohime burst into tears of joy seeing that her efforts have finally come to fruition after seven years. At the palace, Otohime celebrates her success with the rest of her family. Some time later, Otohime explains about Shirahoshis ability to summon Sea Kings to her sons. According to her, there is a legend of a mermaid princess that is born once every several centuries. That mermaid can communicate with Sea Kings. It turns out that Shirahoshi is the princess of legend. The prophecy says that one day someone will appear before her to guide her and teach her to use her power for the greater good and bring a massive change to the world. If used with a sinister intent, her power could bring great destruction. Otohime is concerned since Shirahoshi has not learnt to control her powers and the Sea Kings could go on a rampage if she loses herself like the last time. She asks her sons to protect their sister with their lives as both warriors and brothers if the time comes. One day, in the Gyoncorde Plaza, someone sets fire to the box holding the collected signatures. As the soldiers try to save the signatures, a gun shot is heard. At first they don’t know what the sound was, but then they see that Otohime has been shot. In the midst of chaos, Vander Decken IX touches Shirahoshi but is shot at by the guards and runs away. The three princes immediately go to their mothers side. As Otohime lays there dying, she tells her sons that no matter who the perpetrator is, they mustnt allow themselves to be enraged for her sake. Shirahoshi almost loses control again. To prevent her from crying out loud, Ryuboshi and Manboshi try in a desperate attempt to cheer her up with dances and songs. While weeping, Fukaboshi swears to his mother that he and his brothers will keep their promise of protecting Shirahoshi. The chapter ends with the four children of the Neptune family touching pinky fingers with their mother for the last time.  