Jinbe and Luffy argue about how to handle the Hody Jones situation, while everyone else tries to convince them not to fight. Luffy attempts to get away on Megalo, but Jinbe hits him with a Fish-Man Karate attack. Everyone wonders how the attack could hurt Luffy. Jinbe explains that Fish-Man Karate users control the water around them, and since all living creatures are technically nothing but water sacks, even Luffy is weak against it. Luffy uses a "Gomu Gomu no Jet Stamp" on Jinbe, but it barely injures him as he parries the hit. They attempt to fight again, but Robin appear in between them, saying that is enough fighting. Luffy and Jinbe tell her to move, Sanji, thinking Robin is in danger, leaps toward her, Robin disappears, leaving Sanji in the crossfire of Luffys and Jinbes punches towards each other. As the three fall on the ground, Robin comes out of the forest, confusing Chopper. Jinbe tells Luffy that if he, the man who stopped Arlong, took down Hody, the wall between humans and fish-men would only get stronger. Sanji, still on the ground, tells Jinbe it is only natural they would want to save their crew mates, but Fish-Man Island and the friends they made on it are also in danger. Then he remarks Hatchans reluctance to tell them about how he got injured and deduces it was the New Fish-Man Pirates who did it. Sanji tells Jinbe that despite this being his country, they have a reason to stay and fight. He then goes into a perverted outburst about the mermaids on the island. Jinbe and Luffy are still at odds about it. At Ryugu Palace, Hody is about to leave, leaving only a few guards to open the door when they get back because the palace is like an impenetrable fortress. Then he makes a joke about the king and remarks that his wound from Zoro still hurts when he is asked about the captured Straw Hats. After being given some Energy Steroids, he says the Straw Hats will drown in the chamber and that no one will be able to rescue them. Hody is told that the residents of the Fish-Man District are on their way. Hody says that they will have plenty of homes from the citizens who are going either leave or be killed, and says it will be a great nation where all despise humans. In Candy Factory Town, Daruma is devouring parts of a wall of the candy factory. He is enraged that his subordinates brought him cappuccino and pastries for a snack like some office lady. He threatens to tear apart the fish-men and that his favorite food is giant fish bones. As he heads off to kill some soldiers, he tells his men to leave the citizens alone as they know their fates already. The citizens take note of the New Fish-Man Pirate members strength. They now believe their only hope are the three princes. Back at Ryugu Palace, Brook reveals that he can remove his soul from his body. He explains that he discovered this while praying and perversely asks them what they think he did first, much to Usopps jealously and Zoros annoyance. Usopp tells Brook to find Pappag and have him find keys, while Zoro says just to get him his sword and he will cut the cage open. Brook finds Pappag and tries to get him to help them, but Pappag is frightened by Brook and runs for his life.  