Vander Decken IX is sobbing about Shirahoshi not loving him and even shaved his hair in sorrow, though only the top of his head. He gets mad when is his crew tries to console him and goes into a haiku about Shirahoshi saying he is not her type. Decken wants to kill her, but everything he sends flying towards her gets blocked by Luffy. Then he gets an idea that involves breaking something all apart. In Gyoverly Hills, the citizens are shocked. The Sea Beasts had easily defeated Neptunes Army. The Minister of the Left lamented that they almost made it to Levely this year and that Queen Otohimes dream almost came true before all this happened. He begs God to let some miracle happen and that the king will be executed in one hour. At the entrance of Gyoncorde Plaza, the New Fish-Man Pirates have blocked the citizens from entering. In the plaza, Neptune is on the execution stage (which is the same place where Queen Otohime was assassinated). Due to surviving the overdose of Energy Steroids, Hody Jones has mutated into a behemoth of his former self. King Neptune is lamenting his soldiers being killed, while the pirates mock them. A soldier stands up with dynamite and intends on blowing himself up and hopefully take some of the pirate leaders with him. But Hody hits him with a Water Shot and to everyone amazement the shot goes flying across Fish-Man Island and lands right outside Mermaid Cove. His crew comments on how he was just on the verge of death and how his hair turned white. Hody, still amazed by his strength, says he feels incredible. Just then, the three princes arrive at the plaza. The pirates, save the leaders, panic, and the king warns them to be careful of the sea beasts and the drugged pirates. Ryuboshi says that there is no way Neptunes Army would be defeated so easy and to for him to just wait. Fukaboshi calls Hody and the pirates the weakest people on the island and that the citizens of Fish-Man Island have already gotten past the discrimination of humankind and that the river of time has already washed away the "Legend" and "Queen" killed by humans and that the citizens endured the pain and signed the petition and asks why the pirates cannot comprehend their determination and that the pirates who wallow in revenge will not take the king, the citizens, or the kingdom from them and the princes defeat the sea beasts in fell swoop. Manboshi says that they will defeat them and they choose a future of love with humankind. Ryuboshi says that even if the pirate won that they will never get a chance to make peace with humans again. The citizens cheer on the princes while Hody tells them that they can say whatever they want, in the end the Island will belong to the victor, and fight between the princes and the pirates begin. Meanwhile, Jinbe and Shirahoshi are riding Megalo to the plaza.  