Shirahoshi explains why she kept the fact that Hody Jones killed her mother secret for ten years. It was because of the promise she made to her mother on her deathbed, that she would not bear any hatred or resentment toward anyone. She also explained that Megalo had seen Hody shoot the queen and had told her later. Jinbe comments on how brave and gentle Shirahoshi is for actually being able to do something like that. Hody only laughs, saying that what Shirahoshi did is called stupidity in the real world. If it had not been for her silence, Hodys plans would have been crushed. But thanks to it, the country will now go to ruin. Hody then assaults the king and princes with a barrage of "Yabusame". The three are now unconscious from the attack.      Luffy Kicks Hody.   Some children approach Madam Shyarly and ask her when Luffy will destroy the island. Shyarly tells them she does not know, since her vision never give dates. It could be anywhere from a day to a year from now or more. One of the children tells her he wants it to happen now, as the rampage would be bad for them, but it would also be bad for Hody as well. Some adults hear this too, and agree. They then call out to Luffy to come to the plaza and begin his rampage. Hody is astounded that people would cling to a lie like that and Zeo adds that their shouting is useless. Hody is then about to take Neptunes head, but as he pulls his arm back, Megalo starts to act strangely and spits someone out. The person whom he spat out disappears in a blur, and Hody sees him only for an instant, giving him no time to react as Luffy gives him a devastating kick to the chest. Hody is thrown back by the attack and everyone is overjoyed that Luffy came. Zeo and Daruma realize he had been hiding in Megalos mouth the whole time. Jinbe was a little surprised Luffy came out when he did, but figures it could not be helped and yells for people to hurry, as an unseen voice tells him they were hurrying from the start, and that Luffy going according to plan would be a miracle. A mirage dissolves and out steps Nami, holding the Celestial Dragon letter. She tells Jinbe she gave Robin the keys to the royal familys shackles. Arms appear on the chained royals and keys go into the locks. Someone then points to the sky, seeing a whale and a lion. Franky fires the Gaon Cannon at the New Fish-Man Pirates and then tells Hoe that now is his chance. Hoe grabs the injured royals and takes off. Dosuns attempts to stop him are in vain. Fukaboshi tells his father that it appears that Jinbe had been planning with the Straw Hats as the Thousand Sunny touches down in the plaza with a crash. The locals then bombard Luffy with questions. Does he really plan to take down the island? Why did they occupy the palace? Did he kidnap the mermaids? Is he a friend or foe to the island? Luffy, standing ready for battle with Jinbe and his crew, tells the people he will leave it up to them to decide if he is their enemy or not.  