Zeo calls out to the foot soldiers, saying the Straw Hat Pirates and Jinbe are the true enemies for trying to destroy their goals. Zoro is annoyed at Luffy for taking out too many enemies at once. Sanji challenges Zoro to see who can defeat more pirates. Hody angrily throws a Water Shot at Shirahoshi, but his shot is intercepted by another Water Shot, this time from Jinbe. Jinbe says that Hodys Fish-Man Karate pales in comparison to his own. A pirate mentions he heard that Jinbes bounty might have gone up beyond 400,000,000 after he resigned from the Seven Warlords of the Sea. The cannon squad aims at Shirahoshi, but Brook intercepts them. Using his violin, he hypnotizes them into thinking they are at a festival, and orders them to shoot their fireworks (in actuality their cannons) into the air in celebration. Dosun yells at them, telling them he said to aim for the princess. When a pirate turns to Dosun, Brook says that they were already cut, using a new technique, Quinte Tierce Fantasia. The Iron Shell Squad charges at Zoro. Zoro sends them flying with Kokujo: O Tatsumaki. The tornado generated from the attack starts to move, picking up pirates along the way. When asked when it will stop chasing them, Zoro tells them it will go to the ends of Hell. Several merfolk pirates rise into the air, using Bubbly Coral to gain altitude and charge at Shirahoshi. Sanji finds himself surrounded by the Sea Urchin-Armor Spine Squadron. He has a flashback to his days of being chased by the okama. The Sea Urchin-Armor Spine Squadron crash into one another, with Sanji nowhere to be seen. Sanji remembers how he stopped running from the okama, by flying. He is then seen kicking through the air in the same style as Geppo. He intercepts the pirates charging at Shirahoshi and swiftly takes them out with a Diable Jambe: Poêle à Frire: Spectre. Robin then creates a giant pair of legs from the ground, using Mil Fleur: Gigantesco Mano. She then attacks all nearby pirates with Stomp. The Deadly Poison Squad is then called into battle. They watch as the channel on the Soldier Dock changes from 3 to 4. Franky then bursts out on the Kurosai FR-U IV, completely running over the Deadly Poison Squad while Luffy looks at it with stars in his eyes. One fish-man, swinging a spiked ball on a chain, tries to stop Franky, but before he can, something hits him in the face and explodes. Franky then introduces the newest channel, Channel 5, and its contents, the Brachio Tank V with Usopp manning the cannon from inside. Hody orders the kraken to crush the Straw Hats, telling the kraken he brought him back from the North Pole as a slave. Luffy recognizes Surume and asks to ride on his back, saying they are friends. Luffy then sits on Surumes back as the kraken crushes all the nearby New Fish-Man Pirates.  