The New Fish-Man Pirates are furious that Surume betrayed them. Luffy orders him to protect Shirahoshi. Chopper realizes that everyone is avoiding them, thinking they must fear the tank. Usopp then tells him that the tank is shaking. It then falls into a hole in the ground. Daruma appears and tells them he ate away at the ground so it would collapse. He then targets Frankys bike. He does not have to do anything though since Franky falls into the same hole the tank is in. Franky asks if the others are ok, then kicks them out of the hole, saying that it is a one person vehicle. He then has the Brachio Tank V and Kurosai FR-U IV do a docking maneuver. They emerge from the hole as the General Franky, a giant robot that looks like Franky. Usopp and Chopper stare in awe. Franky then says he realized Vegapunks former dream by adapting Wapometal, a shape memory alloy. Franky then pulls out a giant sword on the robots back, calling it the marauders sword, Franken. He then uses General Ashimoto Dangerous, a low sweeping attack where he swings the sword along the ground. The pirates dodge this easily by jumping over it when it got to them, saying it was dangerously cheap. Franky was one step ahead of them. He steps out of a hatch in the robots chest and uses Franky Cannon, firing the cannons in his own shoulders. A pirate tries to attack Nami, saying she looked weak. Nami just tells him she may not be scary looking but do not underestimate the power of Weatheria (not to mock Weatheria). She then uses Sorcery Clima-Tact: Gust Sword. Usopp attacks a bunch of pirates with Bamboo Javelin, an attack that causes bamboo to shoot from the ground and stab anyone nearby. He then shouts his thanks to Heracles, saying he is beginning a new chapter of his life. Meanwhile, Daruma is underground again, making more pitfalls. He then hears someone else underground with him. The next thing people see is Daruma being blasted out of the ground, followed by Chopper, in a new and improved Horn Point, saying he is also good at digging. Luffy asks Chopper how he turned into a stag beetle. Chopper explains that he can now freely change between six of his seven transformations whenever he wants, and only needs the Rumble Ball to change into the last one. Daruma calls him conceited and say he will rip Chopper to shreds. Chopper corrects him saying he is a conceited "monster". Hody calls out to the kraken, telling him he did a good job capturing Shirahoshi. He tells Surume that he can go and kill his brothers at the North Pole any time he wants, and he will if Surume keeps betraying them. Surume begins to squeeze tighter, making Shirahoshi uncomfortable. Luffy understands now why Surume had to join the New Fish-Man Pirates. He then tells Surume that he will protect his brothers too. Dosun and Ikaros Much try to attack Luffy but are intercepted and knocked to the ground by Zoro and Sanji respectively. Hody orders his men to attack Luffy, but he vanishes before they can do anything. Before they can figure out where he went, Luffy reappears and delivers a devastating kick to Hodys jaw. Noah then appears on the horizon. Neptune, resting with his sons, sees this and panics. Fukaboshi tries to calm him, saying that it is unexpected but certainly nothing they cannot handle. Neptune tells him that no one can move the ship and until "the day that must come", the ship must absolutely not be moved.  