Hody is blasted away by Red Hawks impact. He is thrown through the bubble and onto Noah. He climbs out of the wood with water flowing out. Luffy follows him onto the ship and is relieved to have air to breathe. Luffy readies a Gear 3rd attack as the guards in the air tank and the people on the island look on. Luffy reminded one fish-man of when he was a child and Whitebeard befriended Neptune and declared the island his territory. There is then a flashback to when Whitebeard first appeared and declared the island under his control. The man is asked if he really believes that Luffy is like Whitebeard. The man said he hates humans but does not know what to think since a human is now defending the country. Shyarly looks up at the sky nervously, remembering her vision. Back on Noah, Hody is getting back up, telling Luffy that he knows his fangs did more damage than Luffy is letting on. Hody launches large amounts of water in the shape of sharks at Luffy, but he dodges and then finishes Hody. The soldiers in the air tank rejoice in Luffys victory but lose communication with Luffy moments after. The last thing they heard was that Luffy is planning to destroy Noah. They realize that if Luffy does not do anything about Vander Decken IX, he will have no other way to stop it. The soldiers inform the island that Luffy is currently on the ship right above the island. Shirahoshi is worried about Luffy, as one of his wounds is opening up. Luffy then starts pulverizing the bridge section of Noah. People watching are wondering if Noah was destroyed. The soldiers also announce that Hody has been defeated by Luffy as well. Upon hearing the news, pirates in Gyoncorde Plaza begin to despair. One of them begins to run: Zeo gets annoyed by this and throws his chain at him, catching him around the neck and strangling him. He throws his chain at another pirate who tried to argue. Zeo tells the pirates to die and let their deaths curse the humans. Their grudge will never fade as long as it gets passed on. The pirates think the officers have gone crazy. Dosun comes down with his hammer on one of the pirates, saying they are only crazy because the humans made them that way. Children watching the fighting are frightening and wonder if all humans are really that scary. One of the adults watching tries to contradict them, but Shyarly cuts him off. She tells the children to look into the plaza and the skies above. The people fighting the pirates from the Fish-Man District are humans. Then one of the kids asks what Brook is. Shyarly tells them she is not so sure about some of them, but regardless they need to look with their own eyes. Zeo is still killing pirates who are trying to escape, saying their deaths will serve as reminders of the grudge. He is just about to attack more of his own men when Brook intercepts the attack. The pirates are actually grateful to Brook for saving them. Brook tells him that after death the only thing a person leaves behind is bones. Franky comments that Brook has gotten a lot more persuasive. Brook says the people he hates most are those who waste lives. Zeo tells him the Straw Hats lives will be wasted when Noah falls. Brook tells Zeo that Luffy is the one who will become Pirate King, and if they believe that then there is nothing that could frighten them. Brook then says he must finish what he came to do here. Elsewhere, Hyouzou is disoriented and somewhat frightened about what to do since he has no swords to use. Franky tells Ikaros Much that he is ready to unveil a huge new attack that will finish their fight in one blow. Wadatsumi is asking Sanji if he is surprised by his size. Sanji says that that should be enough but quickly corrects himself and tells Wadatsumi that he is really shocked. Sanji then tells Jinbe that they are ready for their plan and Jinbe agrees (shown clearly to be them preparing to use the massive puffer fish to block the fall of Noah). People are screaming now about a monster. Usopp and Daruma look over in surprise and Usopp realizes that that monster is Chopper in Monster Point. He tells Chopper that nothing has happened yet that is worth going crazy over. Chopper then laughs and tells Usopp he is fine.  