Robin and Neptune continue their conversation, and Robin mentions that there are three ancient weapons: Pluton, Uranus, and Poseidon. Then Neptune warned her to not tell anyone about Shirahoshi in fear that the government and pirates would hunt her. Caribou is eavesdropping on their conversation and goes to kidnap Shirahoshi. Meanwhile, Jinbe tells Luffy and Straw Hat Pirates about the major events that took place during the timeskip. The first is Aokiji and Akainus duel to decide who will become the new fleet admiral, which Akainu won after ten days of fighting. As a result, Aokiji left the Marines. The second is Blackbeard, who conquered all the Whitebeard Pirates territory and claimed the seat of Emperor in the process and began his hunt of Devil Fruit users to obtain their powers. Luffy, Zoro, and Sanji then leave the conversation to check on Shirahoshi. The trio find Caribou in the process of kidnapping Shirahoshi and Luffy proceeds to kick him from the tower. After hearing from Neptune that Caribou stole the treasure, he tells Nami that he will give it to them as a reward for saving his country if they can get it back. After Nami finds out that Luffy had kicked Caribou out of the tower, she sends Luffy, Zoro, and Sanji after him so she can have the treasure. Neptune is then told by one of his soldiers that something has happened to Hody and his crew. When he reaches their prison cell, he finds Hody Jones and the New Fish-Man Pirates have become very old and are planning on taking their revenge against the Straw Hats. The Minister of the Right deduces that the Energy Steroids, which came from inside the Tamatebako (national treasure of Fish-Man Island), are the cause and Hody confesses that he stole them. Neptune then tells them to forget about their intention of seeking revenge against humans considering the state that they are in and says he will have to re-think their punishment. Meanwhile, a soldier comes to the Minister of the Left, reporting that two of Big Moms men have come to the island to collect her monthly candy payment. Unfortunately, because the candy factory was destroyed by the New Fish-Man Pirates and the remaining sweets were sent to the party, there is not enough candy for Big Mom this month. The Minister of the Left is then worried about Big Moms reaction, saying that she is "a monster who would destroy a country for the sake of sweets".  