The giant children are frightened by the Straw Hats, but the boys forget their fear the instant they see Franky, being amazed that he is a robot. Sanji asks if they are in some kind of nurturing facility. Before he can get an answer, the samurai asks if they know of a boy named Momonosuke. The sight of a talking head frightens the children and they run away. Franky realizes that people are chasing them, so the Straw Hats run after the kids. One of the boys runs along with them and asks Franky if they came from outside of the island and they have a ship. The instant Franky says yes, the boy stops and asks him to save them. Chopper tells Franky they need to take the kids with them. Franky tells him that since they do not even know where to go, dragging the children with them will be even less productive, but he cannot help but have a foreboding feeling of tragedy in his heart. Nami stays back and declares that they are going to save the kids. Sanji argues, saying that they do not know any of the preceding circumstances as to why they are here and they cannot run a charity business for them. Nami says she realizes this, but cannot turn her back on crying children who ask for her help. The children are still impeding the guards advancement, so one of them decides to ignore collateral damage and to shoot anyway. The gun frightens the children, but before the man can fire it, Sanji kicks him in the face with Diable Jambe: Collier Strike. Nami is overjoyed to see Sanji helping, as Chopper and Franky attack the others with Kung Fu Point and Strong Right, respectively. The children are excited by Frankys punch. The remaining guards are irritated that the pirates arent running anymore. Sanji comments that Nami is lovely when she shows compassion toward children and he is falling in love all over again. The samurai is amazed by the crews act of selflessness. Sanji tells Chopper to go ahead with Nami. Sanji then orders the children to go with the nice lady and kung fu tanuki, and he and Franky will do something about the guys pursuing them. Sanji tells them he is only doing it to answer Namis wishes, and hates it even more that they are going to be protected by her. Meanwhile more guards are investigating the room where the Straw Hats here kept. A floating liquid mass is amazed that the crew was able to destroy a door that was supposed to be indestructible. He goes on to say that no one but Vegapunk should have the technology to build a laser, but the burn marks make it look like a Pacifista blew the door away. The mass asks if they found the escapees yet, and a soldier responds that they should be getting cornered in the Biscuits Room right now. Another soldier comes and tells the liquid mass that a G-5 ship has appeared on the coast. The liquid tells the soldier to get rid of it without killing anyone, as a bunch of dead Marines would be too much of a hassle. In the skies over Punk Hazard the bird woman Usopp saw earlier is asking if the intruders were found. A person on the other end of a Den Den Mushi says they are bringing them down now. The other Straw Hats have found another Den Den Mushi and are talking to Brook on it. He was still on the ship, which was brought around to the cold side of the island. Brook tells them that he was knocked out but remembers they were wearing gas masks. Robin then deduces that the ship was hit with sleeping gas. Robin asks Brook if he sees a building anywhere. Brook sees a large building built into a mountain. Usopp tells Brook they will hurry over and he should wait for them. Zoro asks if their enemy is from the government. Usopp tells him he would be surprised if their enemy is even human, since all they have seen are a dragon, a bird woman, and now a centaur that Luffy is getting chummy with. Luffy then knocks out the centaur with a kick to the head. As the centaur goes down, he said he was careless to think Luffy was one of them. Luffy asks why he cannot be, since they had just become friends. Another centaur tries to attack Luffy from behind, but Robin stops it with Cien Fleur Gentian. The group finds it odd that the centaurs lower halves are those of a leopard and a giraffe, since they are supposed to be horses. Usopp finds a Den Den Mushi on one of the and notices it has CC written on it. He realizes they must be part of an organization. He then adds that they really have to go through the ice lands to rescue the others. Robin hopes aloud that they werent shot full of holes when they were captured. Zoro remarks that they should have gone ashore from the other side. Luffy argues if they did that they would not have been able to eat a dragon or meet Leggy, which is the name he gave the disembodied legs. Robin wonders if they sell winter clothes along the way to the icy part of the island. On the northwest shore of the island the G-5 ship is having trouble advancing, as gas is leaking out. Due to a failed chemical weapons experiment by Vegapunk four years ago, the island became a wasteland. One Marine comments that no one should be able to set foot on the island since there is so much gas but Smoker corrects him, saying that this much gas is unnatural. Two years ago, the island was a normal wasteland without any fire or ice and most of the poisonous materials had vanished. It was because of that that Aokiji and Akainu chose Punk Hazard as the spot for their battle to determine who would become fleet admiral.  