The Marines are terrified at Brownbeard and the Straw Hats recklessly destroying their only defense against the approaching deadly gas. Usopp realizes the same thing the Marines did. The Marines work to quickly patch the hole in the shutter and manage to keep the gas out. Brook separates his soul from his body and surveys the damage outside, observing that everything is completely coated from the gas as the shell around a bubble containing a video Den Den Mushi wearing a gas mask breaks, allowing the snail to broadcast the destructive power of Shinokuni. Brook declares that anyone who went outside would not survive. He tells the group that he would have definitely died if the hole werent closed. Zoro nods and simply says "Ok", much to the annoyance of the Marines, who point their guns at the Straw Hats and Brownbeard. Nami and Usopp panic, while Sanji, Zoro, and Brook seem more relaxed, and Brownbeard is just surprised that the Marines know who he is. On the second floor, Luffy excitedly notes that the battle has started. Law points to Smoker and Tashigi and tells them not to get in his way. Nami calls out to Law and tells him to put her and Sanji back in their own bodies, which he does, much to Sanjis devastation. Nami realizes that she is back to normal, but then realizes that the coat she is wearing is not the original she had on, and punches Sanji for taking her clothes off. Sanji tries to explain, but realizes his body hurts more than if he were just punched. Usopp explains that Nami took a lot of damage from Caesar Clown. Sanji is just relieved that it happened in his body and not hers. Law then asks if everyone is up to date on other peoples business. He tells everyone they cannot leave the lab due to the poison gas. He goes on to say that there is a way they can escape to the sea. They must look for a door with "Building R-66" written on it. He tells them that they have two hours to take care of any last minute business and escape. Beyond that, he cannot guarantee their safety inside the lab. Luffy asks Law if everything will be alright in the lab. Law tells him he will simply do what he must and see where things go. Luffy runs off, declaring he will beat Caesar into submission. Kinemon declares he will save Momonosuke. The other Straw Hats decide to split up and help Kinemon search, deciding that Zoro should not go alone. Smoker orders his men to retrieve the kidnapped children and locate the "R-66" door. Once they get to the harbor, they will commandeer Vergos tanker and leave the island on it. The Marines begin to go after the Straw Hats, thinking they are escaping. Smoker gives Tashigi orders to lead the troops. She asks him where he is going and then realizes it must have to do with Vergo. Smoker reminds Tashigi of his philosophy of never backing down. She then tells him to let her go with him, since Vergo shouldnt be taken lightly. Smoker then asks her who would protect the troops if she went. He then orders he to take them and the kids and escape. Zoro and Usopp are now talking. Zoro cannot believe that Luffy was defeated. Usopp explains that Caesar has the ability to remove the oxygen from the surrounding air. Zoro remembers being put to sleep by the yetis and realizes that dropping ones guard for even a second will be deadly. He then calls out to Luffy that this is the real deal. They are in the New World starting now. The statement at first surprises Luffy, but then he smiles and tells Zoro he will not let his guard down anymore. Luffy runs toward an oncoming group of Caesars subordinates. Luffy wraps his legs around the side railing and swings under the walkway as they begin shooting at him. He then comes out the other side and begins spinning rapidly, clearing a path through Caesars men with Gomu Gomu no UFO. He laughs and tells his crew he will go ahead, annoying Zoro who reminds him to take it seriously as Usopp laughs. Luffy gives a shout as he takes out more people with his spinning lower body.  