In the Biscuit Room on the third floor of the lab on Punk Hazard, Zoro and Monet are fighting. Chopper and Nami ask Robin, who had been attacked by Monet, if she is okay. Robin says that she is fine, and that the children need to be stopped. Chopper tells Nami to hurry, as the children are leaving and he had promised Mocha that he would protect her. Mocha tries to run, but the rest of the children pursue her, shouting for the candy. She yells that Chopper told her what type of candy she has, and why they cannot be eaten. As she runs, she remembers meeting Sind, who said that they would be better within a year. She also remembers meeting Caesar Clown, who had told her that he had lost a son to a disease and did not want it to happen to anyone else. Caesar had then introduced her to Uzu, Doran, and Konbu, all of whom were nice to her. Monet had given them candy and introduced them to more children, making Mocha realize that even her acting was a lie. Back in the Biscuit Room, Chopper, Robin, and Nami start to leave when Zoro charges after them. The three are surprised, but Zoro then blocks Monets attack aimed at Nami. Zoro berates his opponent for going after unarmed targets, but Nami creates a Heat Ball and strikes Monets wing, inflicting damage. Nami turns to run, but Monet dives into the snow and creates a Snow Fence with her Devil Fruit powers. Monet then uses snow to surround Nami, weakening her. Monet then appears as a snow monster and tries to attack Chopper, but Nami moves him out of the way. Robin forces Monet away with a Quatro Mano: Spank, and Monet reforms, saying that the children are important test subjects she must protect. She continues, asking which one of them coerced the children into rebelling, to which Chopper responds by saying that they left by free will. Zoro slashes a hole in the wall and orders them to leave, so Nami, Chopper, and Robin head out after the children. Monet tells Zoro that it is typical of pirates to steal the fruits of their labor before attacking Zoro with her wings. Monet comments that Zoro has done nothing but block since the beginning of the fight, and that this means that she might be able to win. Just then, the G-5 Marines, led by Sanji run in, making Monet angry that they are trying to steal the children. Zoro tells the group to head after Robin, Nami, and Chopper, but Sanji notices Monet and falls over. The Marines begin to compliment Monet, who blushes but then attacks and bites one of the Marines. The Marines fire, but as a Logia user, she is unaffected. Tashigi then appears and slashes Monets wing. Monet retreats, commenting on Tashigis Haki as the Marines cheer. Tashigi tells the Marines to go ahead, saying that she is needed to fight Monet.  