The gas begins to seep in and, due to her wounds, Zoro is forced to carry Tashigi to catch up with the others, to which Tashigi is outraged at. She then tells Zoro to let her off when they reach her subordinates. However, she is distracted by Zoros sword, Shusui, and gets excited at seeing it, but Zoro is annoyed at it and tells her to stop it. Meanwhile, Chopper, Nami, and Robin are doing their best to keep the berserk children from catching up to Mocha by having Chopper sedate them one at a time. Despite their efforts, Mocha finds herself cornered by a group of children who managed to get around the Straw Hat Pirates and the children attempt to forcibly get the candy from Mocha. Having no choice, Mocha puts the entire batch of candy in her mouth. Despite Choppers pleas, she swallows the entire contents. The story goes into a flashback a few moments earlier as Chopper and Mocha were trying to barricade the door to the Biscuits Room. Chopper explains to Mocha of Caesars deception and using the kids for his experiments and how if Caesar continues to use them, the children will die before they reach adulthood. Mocha remembers her friends promising to each other that when they get older, they will reunite and go on an adventure. The gravity of the situation becomes clear to Mocha, but Chopper promises that he and the rest of the Straw Hat Pirates will save her. Mocha vows not to let any of the kids get the candy and runs off to guard the room just as the children burst in. Back in the present, Mocha begins coughing up blood due to the serious overdose of the drug. The other children stop upon seeing her condition and are unsure what to do now. As Chopper, Nami and Robin rush to Mocha, Sanji and the G-5 Marines finally arrive and begin subduing and sedating the kids. The Marines have Mocha moved to an examination room, to which Chopper is grateful for, complimenting Mocha on her bravery and hoping that he can save her. Meanwhile, Luffy and Momonosuke emerge from a garbage chute in front of some of Caesars men, with Momonosuke passed out and now being carried by Luffy. Luffy grabs one of the guards and demands to know where Caesar is. The guard tells Luffy that Caesar is in Building R, to which Luffy immediately sets off for Caesars location.  