Brownbeard is shown on the first floor of Building R, screaming at the door stating that he will tell his men Caesars true colors. Caesar decides to go down to the first floor in order to deal with him. Brownbeard asks Caesar to give him back his men, as Caesar asks what is wrong. A flashback occurs, showing that Caesar left Brownbeards men to die outside. Caesar states he has no idea where they are. Caesars men begin to question Brownbeard about what he is doing, so he then reveals to them that Caesar called them guinea pigs for his experiment. However, before he is able to do this, Caesar injects him with a muscle relaxant, preventing Brownbeard from moving and properly pronouncing "guinea pig", confusing the subordinates. Caesar then quietly reveals to Brownbeard that he abandoned his men outside, and that he, their savior, was the one who caused the explosion that almost paralyzed everyone four years ago. Brownbeard then attempts to attack Caesar, but Caesar dodges and orders his men to shoot him. Luffy suddenly enters the room and grazes Caesar with an Elephant Gun. Luffy then stands in front of Brownbeard in order to protect him, and remembers the kind words Brownbeard said about Caesar before. Caesar then orders his men to go back to the second floor to begin the preparations, and Momonosuke recognizes Caesar as the one who experimented on the children. Luffy then asks Caesar what Punk Hazard really is, and Caesar reveals it to be the home of the scientific underworld, where experiments take place, people die, and nobody is any the wiser. He tells Luffy that he knows nothing of the island and explains to him how meaningless everything he has done so far has been, and reveals that the SAD is actually used by Doflamingo to make artificial Zoan Devil Fruits called Smiles. He tells Luffy that he heard that one of the Four Emperors was using these fruits in order to build a mighty crew. Caesar then tells Luffy that he is protected by these strong people like Doflamingo, and that a person of his level will not be able to take them on at all. Then, out of anger, Luffy punches Caesar, telling him that he has taken on guys like that many times.  