Luffy continues his fight with Caesar Clown after punching him and leaving a deep imprint on his face. Caesar then tries again to flaunt his protection under Doflamingo in order to intimidate Luffy, and immediately attacks Luffy with an attack called Gastille which is recognized by one of the subordinates who states that it is capable of melting steel, but Luffy dodges it and delivers another punch to Caesars face. With five minutes left until Shinokuni fills up building B, the rest of the Straw Hats, as well as their allies, are hurrying toward building R, where the escape route off the island is located. Sanji, Nami and Robin as well as the G-5 marines and the now sober children are rushing together towards Building R. Zoro and Tashigi are far behind because of Zoros bad sense of direction. Only Kinemon and Brook are going the opposite direction towards the gas because Kinemon had heard that his son had got turned into a dragon and immediately thought that dragon he slew was his son. Brook tries to stop him but gets dragged along instead. Usopp is the first to arrive in Building R while searching for seastone hand cuffs but ends up in the secret room above the first floor, where the gas trap was prepared. In the SAD room, Vergo was berating Smoker for using his smoke form against him who is more than capable of handling devil fruit users, and uses his Haki imbued Bamboo stick to injure Smoker, destroying his jitte. However, Smoker was really just distracting Vergo in order to allow Law to regain his heart. With Trafalgar Laws heart back where it belongs, Law is ready to finish his fight. Smoker, who was barely conscious tells Law to finish it quick because it shames him to be indebted to a pirate. Law then calls out to "Joker" who was monitoring the battle with a Den-Den Mushi, and tells him that once Vergo is defeated and Caesar captured, all the SAD at his disposal will be gone and he will lose his position as king of the underground. Doflamingo then laughs, replying that Laws fear of Vergo when he becomes very angry is still there, and that his Haki protects his whole body so that not even Laws power can hope to cut him. Law then proves Doflamingo wrong by cutting a Haki-armored Vergo in half, along with the SAD chamber and the mountain it was built in. Law then states that Whitebeard only ended the last era and that the marines never challenged any of the big name pirates recently because they were preparing a new battle force and that the war at Marineford was really just a prelude to something else. Law continues by saying that, like Doflamingo had said, a new unstoppable wave always marks the beginning of a "new era of great ones", and that he had broken the gears of the cycle so no one, not even Doflamingo can turn them back.  