Baby 5 and Buffalo are attacked by Franky Shogun by surprise. Baby 5 wonders if it is a Pacifista shooting at them because of the resemblance and fires her gatling gun at him. To her surprise, it doesnt inflict a single scratch on Franky Shogun which Franky indicates with his joke technique "General OK" by simply saying the name of the technique. Franky performs his "General Shield Boomerang" by removing one of his shoulder pads and throwing it at them. Baby 5 transforms herself into a sword with Buffalo holding her feet as a handle. With his Devil Fruit powers, he spins himself at blinding speed, which repels the shield. Baby 5 then turns into a missile, again, with Buffalo holding her feet, and hurls her at Franky. Franky tries to shoot her with his gatling gun which she dodges before the missile explodes. The defeated Caesar Clown wakes up, confused and unable to move. He has a flashback of receiving Smokers heart from Law and remembers he still has his heart, saying that he will take Smoker with him. In the lab, Law and the others are still waiting for the Straw Hats to come on board. Luffy says that they will not budge until every member of the Straw Hats has arrived. Nami asks about Franky, with Sanji responding about him sending the Sunny out to sea. Then, Brook, Chopper, Mocha and the G-5 Marines are seen running with Shinokuni right behind them, with the closing gate in front of them in the corridor between Block R and B. They make it through just in time and they all finally get on the cart. Brook asks what to do with the petrified Kinemon, which shocks Momonosuke who is still in his dragon form. Meanwhile, Monet has called Joker, to his surprise, as he thought she was incapacitated. He tells Monet that there is a weapon in the research lab, the one that destroyed the other two research labs four years ago. He tells her to activate the switch, which will kill everyone on the island except Caesar. Monet interrupts him, saying that was her intention all along. Joker apologizes, and tells her to bring it all down with her.  