The G-5 Marines are on Punk Hazard again, trying to save their comrades. They notice that the protective gear developed by Vegapunk is resistant to the toxic gas, and comment on how Caesar Clown lied to his subordinates that it was useless. Then they try finding their comrades and breaking the poisonous shell created by Shinokuni. Meanwhile, Brownbeard thanks Smoker for allowing him to go back and save his crewmates, saying that he wont forget the Vice Admirals name, and that he will definitely return to get arrested. While the remaining G-5 Marines are commenting on how the headless bodies of Baby 5 and Buffalo are creepy, their heads come flying, which attach themselves to their bodies. Afterwards, Doflamingo himself appears and uses Haoshoku Haki to knock out the Marines. After they retaliate against the Shichibukai for attacking them, he reveals his string-manipulating powers, and defeats them. He then demands Smoker the location of Law and the Straw Hats, but Smoker sarcastically replies by saying that he doesnt know. Enraged, Doflamingo attacks Smoker. The Straw Hats are on a sea slope, which Luffy exclaims that its fun. Law tells the Straw Hats that it is commonly seen, though Usopp yells otherwise. Franky explains to Brook that the "little lamb" is actually Mini Merry II. Kinemon is surprised to know that the next destination is Dressrosa, claiming that one of his comrades is being kept prisoner there. And Luffy informs his crew about their plan to take down the Four Emperors; Zoro says that its great, while Usopp once again yells otherwise. Sanji warns Law about how his and Luffys idea of an alliance are completely different. Caesar Clown then berates the crew for provoking Doflamingo and Kaidou, and angrily claims that they should die for it. Sanji kicks him to shut up, and Chopper says that he should do it after hes done treating the scientist. Law informs the Straw Hats about Doflamingo and Kaidou, and their plan as well. Usopp, Nami, and Chopper are terrified at Laws explanation of Kaidou having over 500 Zoan Devil Fruit users, and Zoro tells them to shut up. Afterwards, Chopper praises Caesar for his work on SAD, much to Usopps objection, but soon loses interest after Law clarifies that it was Vegapunk who discovered the application of bloodline elements. Back on Punk Hazard, the G-5 Marines beg Doflamingo to not kill Smoker, tearfully claiming that he is the only one who would bother to take care of them. The Shichibukai tells them not to worry, as he will kill all of them, as well as Law and the Straw Hats. While attempting to deal the final blow to Smoker, former Admiral Kuzan appears, who says the vice admiral is his friend.  