A member of the Donquixote Pirates explains to Luffy and Franky that while a particular Devil Fruit cant exist in more than one place at a time, the fruit will naturally grow somewhere else in the world should the user die. After Aces death, Doflamingo was somehow able to acquire the reincarnated Mera Mera no Mi. Luffy declares he wishes to possess it, and asks Franky if hed like to eat it. Franky denies, stating that hed like to retain his ability to swim. Luffy explains that he cant eat it himself due to the Gomu Gomu No Mi, but that he doesnt want to let just anyone have his brothers fruit. Franky comments that this may be a ploy by Donquixote Doflamingo, but its not a chance Luffy should pass up. They decide to run off to enter the colosseum. Meanwhile, Zoro is running around looking for who stole his sword. Sanji chases after him trying to convince him to let the sword go, before getting distracted by a beautiful dancer. Zoro warns him that the women of the country are rumored to stab people, but Sanji blissfully disregards this as he is mesmerized by her beauty. Sanji eventually loses sight of Zoro in the midst of his antics, and resolves that this is a good opportunity to just leave him here. Looking at all the couples, he fawns over the possibility of Robin and Nami falling in love with him, until the dancer approaches him. She asks Sanji to hold her, and amid his confused reaction she hugs him tightly as soldiers run past; looking for her. The dancer thanks Sanji and lets him go, but notices his heavy nose bleed, and apologizes for hurting him. Sanji is immediately love struck by her caring nature, but she tells him that she gave up on love. She begins to imply something about all the men that have been with her in the past, but Sanji is only concerned with helping her from the men chasing her.  The dancer says that they are policemen, chasing her for stabbing her former loved one. Sanji is awestruck at the rumors of the passionate love of the island being true, but immediately brushes this off in favor of helping her. She states that being so willing to forgive an evil woman like her could make her fall in love with Sanji, fueling Sanjis comical infatuation even more. She finally reveals that her name is Violet, asking for Sanjis protection on her travel to the next town. Furthermore, theres a man that she wants Sanji to kill.  Arriving at the Corrida Colosseum, Luffy and Franky are amazed by its size, prompting Frankys will to fight as well. They then see police officers chasing a wanted One-Legged Toy Soldier, before he jumps up to one of the windows and enters the colosseum. He explains that by law the police and Marines are not allowed into the colosseum, even if they witness a criminal inside. He also says that the only ones who can execute their rules in the colosseum are the Donquixote Pirates, and that they would be the criminals should they attempt to fire on him now. After the police officers leave, the soldier jumps down and notices Luffys beard. Believing he is an old man, he offers to help Luffy and Franky with their luggage. Franky wonders about the criminals polite manners all of a sudden, while Luffy is highly amused. Pleased at Luffys delight, he starts to laugh and pose randomly, entertaining Luffy further. Franky then asks him to move from their way, and the toy is shocked to learn that he is impeding them. Franky again questions his behavioral changes, and the toy explains that he did it to entertain people, as it is the toys purpose. An announcer calls for the closing of public registration for the event, though he laughs at the notion of someone from the public signing up. Luffy announces his intention to join, as he rushes through a crowd of both worried and skeptical faces. As he makes it to the registration desk, Franky advises him to use an alias. Although Luffy acknowledges this, he still comes very close to giving his real name before Franky interrupts him with a punch to the back of the head. Luffy officially enters the competition as "Lucy". The announcer escorts him to the contestants waiting room, where he sees many gladiators warming up. The gladiators, believing him to be an old man, belittle him immediately. However one in particular, an extremely large warrior named Spartan, takes offense that someone weak would enter the colosseum where people come to to see strong fighters battle. He tries to attack Luffy, who quickly evades and flips Spartan - knocking him out to the shock of the surrounding gladiators.  