After knocking out Spartan, everyone is astonished. Blaming Luffy for the incident, one of the referees tries to throw Luffy out of the competition, but luckily he is defended by the Chinjao Family, who informs the referee that it was Spartan that started the fight. Luffy thanks them, but one of the Chinjao family members rejects his apology and tries to attack Luffy but is stopped by another member. Then some of the other competitors notice that they are some big names from a lot of countries and they wonder if the countries have sent representatives to try and win the precious treasure, the Mera Mera no Mi. Some of the big names are: the Funk Brothers, Dagama and Elizabello the Second from the Prodence kingdom, "Neck Slasher" Suleiman, former bounty hunters Abdullah and Jeet, the fake massacre adventurist, the ruler Orlumbus and "Hyena" Bellamy, the Donquixote family endorsement. The first round is revealed to be a battle royale with four blocks and over 550 participants, though only four will advance. Luffy finds out he is in Block C and that he is allowed to pick any armor or arms he wants besides guns. He chooses a viking warrior look, but finds out that he is over the weight restriction and has to lose some armor. Another participant, "the prince" who is the captain of the beautiful pirates tries to take up a conversation with Luffy, claiming that he will win the Mera Mera no Mi but is ignored by Luffy. Luffy then asks why everyone is almost naked and the prince informs him that the reason is because the spectators want to see blood and that in the arena you can see humanitys true colors exposed. The prince then asks who Luffy is and Luffy tells him his real name and exclaims that he is going to be the Pirate King, which draws attention from the crowd, but they see that his name tag says Lucy and assume he just mispronounced his own name. The prince laughs and says that if he really was Luffy then he would take his head here and now, because when he came to the New World about three years ago he made a big name for himself but then his fame was overshadowed by the Summit War of Marineford and The Eleven Supernovas as well as the Blackbeard Pirates. So he carries a grudge against any who is in "the worst generation", he then is ignored again by Luffy, who notices a statue and his resemblance to it in his armor. Rebecca a female gladiator tells Luffy that it is a statue of Kyros the mightiest gladiator in the history of the Corrida Colosseum, stating that he won 3000 consecutive matches and that he only took a single blow throughout them all, but that he retired 20 years ago and that no one knows his true identity. She then wonders if he truly existed and how the bronze statue appeared one day out of the blue, after that she declares her intention of winning the Mera Mera no Mi and killing Doflamingo. The announcer then proclaims that the first block battle royale is over and the winner is revealed to be the captain of the first ship of Blackbeards crew Jesus Burgess.  