The chapter starts out with Franky in the stands, exclaiming his shock to see such a powerful competitor as Jesus Burgess, thinking that Luffy would win the tournament easily. He then gets up to leave and do his job, but the Thunder Soldier says that he wants to go too, much to the annoyance of Franky. In another part of the colosseum a marine scout is reporting to his boss, Capman, asking for reinforcements due to the sheer amount of formidable outlaws at the colosseum. Capman says he will ask Issho right away, but is confronted by the "missionary" Gambia of the Barto club, but he quickly takes care of him. Meanwhile, the blind man gets up to leave, and his subordinate gives him his (admiral) coat. The blind man requested 3 battleships and a large number of medical officers and said that he will go to Green Bit first. He is then revealed to be Admiral Fujitora, and asks his subordinate about the number of spectators, the population of the town, and of the country. When his subordinate asks why that is needed, he replies that before counting the number of enemies, they should count the number of people needing protection. At a northeastern cafe the members of the group responsible for exchanging Caesar are asking about Green Bit, but are told to avoid it, saying that there are fighting fish which are very dangerous. He also says that no one who used the iron bridge to Green Bit has ever come back. Usopp and Caesar plead with Law asking to change the drop-off location, but Law refuses. Law is more worried about the lack of panic even though Doflamingo, their king, has just resigned, but his worries are cut short by the arrival of CP0, the worlds strongest intelligence agency. Elsewhere Zoro is seen chasing the "fairy" that stole his sword to the top of a building and takes it back, only to go over the side and fall to the ground with the fairy falling with him. Meanwhile Kinemon gets lost and is surrounded by enemies who seem to have captured Kanjuro. Also staying true to his promise Sanji beats a mysterious sniper much to the pleasure of Violet. Back at the ship, the group protecting the Thousand Sunny are playing Shogun, when suddenly they hear a mysterious noise. Back at the colosseum Bartolomeo enters the arena, while one of the referees asks if he has seen Capman, who is shown to be defeated.  