In the participants viewing area, Don Chinjao tells Luffy and Cavendish about Garps reputation in the past, and how he is considered a demon by many pirates, and about how Garp gave him scars. Cavendish questions Luffy about his true identity, but Luffy tells him that he isnt Luffy, and is Lucy. Chinjao states that he will take out his grudge from Garp on Luffy, and Luffy replies by telling Chinjao to take it out on Garp instead. Chinjao then asks Luffy if he is really Garps grandson, and Luffy replies by saying that he is Lucy. Cavendish then pulls out his sword, and tells Luffy that if he is really Straw Hat Luffy, then he will cut him down right there. Chinjao then states that he wishes he had discovered the identity of Monkey D. Dragon earlier, so that Luffy would have never been born. Chinjao attacks Luffy as he says this. Nearby, other gladiators notice Chinjao rampaging against Luffy. Luffy tells Chinjao to hold on, and Cavendish approaches Luffy and tries to pull off his beard. The spectators then state that Chinjao is not a joke, and that he once had a bounty of over five hundred million Bellies. Chinjao then prepares to attack Cavendish and Luffy. Cavendish draws his sword, and nearby gladiators identify it as Durandal, one of the worlds greatest blades. Cavendish states that Luffy is his prey, but Chinjao ignores him and charges at him and Luffy. Cavendish blocks Chinjao with Durandal, and nearby gladiators note that the sword pierced his head. The gladiators then notice that Chinjao stopped the blade, and that it actually did not pierce his head. The gladiators then exclaim that the fighters cannot be human, due to their extraordinary strength. Chinjao then continues to relentlessly attack Cavendish and Luffy, and Cavendish says that they cannot cut corners if they want to take him down. Luffy then gets angry, and knocks Chinjao into the ground. The gladiators then exclaim that Luffy has kicked Chinjaos ass, and question his identity. The gladiators are then shocked when Chinjao stands back up, unscathed from the encounter. The gladiators then speak about the myths that surround Chinjao, including him breaking an arctic continent with a headbutt. Luffy is also surprised that his attack did no damage. Chinjao then states that even though Cavendish and Luffy have talent, it is too soon for them to be facing him. Cavendish then fully believes that the disguised Lucy is Luffy, and Luffy replies by telling him to leave him alone. Cavendish then states that Luffy is good at getting people to hate him, due to stealing peoples popularity and being born the grandson of Garp. Luffy then says that he did not know any of those things, but then corrects himself by saying that he is Lucy. Chinjao then tells Cavendish that if his intention is to get in his way, then he will just take him down as well. Suddenly, Sai and Boo show up, and tell Chinjao that this is as far as he should go for now. They state that he will be disqualified if he does this now, and grab him in order to stop him. Chinjao tells them to get their hands off him, and also says that he has finally found the bloodline of Garp. Sai and Boo respond by saying that if he is disqualified now, they will be unable to achieve their real objective for which they joined the tournament. The Colosseum guards show up, and tell the group that if they are fighting, then they will kick them out. Cavendish notices this, and says that he does not care if he gets kicked out, but then he notices that Luffy has disappeared. Sai and Boo then tell Chinjao that he can kill Luffy in Block C, since they are in the same block together. Cavendish then says that he will not let Luffy get away, and states that he is going to take his life before the match even starts. A few of the spectators then question what they have heard, which is that Straw Hat Luffy is there. Luffy is then seen hanging on the side of a window, and he remembers how he promised Franky he would not let himself get caught. The announcer of the battle announces that Tank Lepanto has been defeated by Abdullah and Jeet. Jeet laughs, and the audience states that the two of them always play dirty tricks, and call out Lepantos name. The announcer states that in such a short time, over one hundred contestants have been eliminated, and that only thirty contestants remain. Dagama then states that as long as his kingdom has the kings punch, they will win. Blue Gilly attacks Ricky, and Abdullah and Jeet taunt the other gladiators. Suddenly, Bellamy appears and attacks the duo. He is able to defeat them, and the audience exclaims how cruel and atrocious Bellamys actions are. The audience then points out Hack, and say that he is strong. They point out that he is using Fish-Man Karate, and that he is cool, because of all the one hit knock outs he has achieved in the battle. The announcer then announces Hacks feat in the tournament, and also notices someone on the other side. The audience wonder what this person is doing. The announcer then asks Bartolomeo how long he plans on annoying people. The audience asks why nobody is kicking his ass. The announcer then points out how Bartolomeo is peeing into the lake in the middle of the battle, and says that never in the history of the Colosseum has this happened. The announcer also wonders if there is anybody that will stop Bartolomeos silliness. Suddenly, the announcer spots Hack approaching Bartolomeo. Hack states that there are people who actually are taking the tournament seriously, and also says to forgive him for attacking from the behind. Hack prepares to attack Bartolomeo, and Bartolomeo tells him not to attack a defenseless man. The announcer says that Hack is the arenas hero, and the audience cheers him on. Hack attacks Bartolomeo, but his hand breaks in the process. The audience is shocked, and the announcer questions how Hack is the one on the ground, Luffy is shown to be shocked, and the announcer questions what Bartolomeo really is.  