Robin woke up to find a bunch of dwarves climbing on her looking for anything suspicious, much to her shock. When she tried to get up, a certain dwarf by the name of Leo informed her that she better stay down, while another named Kabu informed the other dwarves that she used a weird magic. She then recalls how she captured Kabu but how she was then knocked out by an anesthetic flower along with Usopp. After that she is informed that she is currently located under the forest of Green Bit and that she should not try to escape as she is sewn to the ground due to the power of Nui Nui. Robin then apologized to the dwarves promising that she will keep their secret for them, at first the dwarves did not believe her but after being reassured by Robin again they immediately trusted her much to Robins shock. However, the Tontatta kingdoms chief arrived and demanded to know what was going on, to which Leo explained that Robin is a good person which he believed immediately, which again shocked Robin. Robin then noticed that it is almost time for the exchange and that she must get going, she then asked that the dwarves return her Den Den Mushi but is informed that it has been returned to the wild. After that she asked to be led to the exit but the dwarves say that if she truly is a good person, then she will give them her weapons, though Robin said she does not have any weapons. The dwarves then told her that she must be stripped and they attacked her. She is saved, however, by another dwarf named Flapper who quickly informed them that she is the friend of the legendary warrior who was with her. Robin knew that "legendary warrior" would be one of Usopps lies and wondered what lies he sprouted out at them. Meanwhile, at Dressrosas port city, Acacia, Zoro is running with a dwarf named Wicca. Wicca was the "fairy" that had stolen Zoros sword and, because of an ankle injury that she got from being chased by Zoro, she is relying on him for transportation. While Zoro is relying on Wicca for directions due to his lack of an internal compass. Wicca also informs Zoro of several things she has found out during her recon mission, such as the fact that Doflamingos crew is on their way to attack the Straw Hats ship. And at the Corrida Colosseum the C block match was about to start. Rebecca was seen reminiscing with her thoughts until she noticed Franky and the Thunder Soldier running. Her eyes began to well up with tears as she recognizes the tin soldier she knew so much. She called out to Thunder Soldier who saw her and Franky stopped for a minute. The tin soldier told her that when he saw the list of participants, he couldnt believe she would willingly come back there. With her emotions spilling out, she cried out that she will win the tournament this time and when she is done they can be together. Thunder Soldier however, told her that a crying warrior wont win the tournament and asked Franky to hurry to their destination. Franky, still confused at what was going on, wondered if it was okay to leave her crying, but the tin soldier explained to him that even toys have things they want to protect. However, for the tin soldier, even tears wont fall from his tin eyes, leaving Franky in thought over his words and quickly left the arena as Rebecca sank to her knees with her burdening emotions. Finally, back at Green Bits southeastern beach, with two minutes left before the meeting, Trafalgar Law is informed by Sanji who has urgently phoned him that the exchange is in fact a trap. That Donquixote Doflamingo never truly left his position as a Shichibukai and that he and Issho are planning to attack him. Trafalgar Law told him that its too late as he saw Doflamingo and Issho already moved in to surround him.  