Thirty minutes before Caesars transfer, back in Dressrosa, Sanji is seen beaten and bloodied up, surrounded by Doflamingos men, while Violet reveals that she fooled Sanji and actually knew who he was all along. She comments that she had heard that Sanji was weak to women, but did not realize it was this bad. It is then discovered that Violet is actually an assassin for Doflamingo and a part of the Trebol Army. Sanji, however, refuses to believe that Violet is a bad person and says she has a kind heart but is somewhere she does not want to be because she was tempted by some bad people. This apparently angers Violet and she kicks Sanji in the face, telling him to stop being in love. She believes Sanji is lying to her and is actually suppressing his anger while searching for a way out. Violet then demonstrates her Devil Fruit power that allows her to see through peoples clothes and even into their minds. After looking into Sanjis mind, she finds out that Law and Luffy have teamed up but is unsure of their reasons for being on Dressrosa. She then looks into Sanjis mind again but is repulsed by his perverted thoughts and demands to know why she cannot see the details of his crews plan. Sanji replies that he can only think of her. Sanji then tells Violet that he believes she was telling the truth when she asked him to kill a man for her due to the tears in her eyes. This angers Doflamingos men and they decide to kill Sanji; however, Violet, who was touched by Sanjis words, uses her Devil Fruit powers to defeat them. Violet then tells Sanji that he was right about her and was thankful that he still believed in an enemy like her. Sanji then invites Violet to escape with him and his crew on their ship but Violet tells him that they have fallen into a trap. She then lets Sanji look into her mind using her Devil Fruit powers and see her memories from the morning. Violets memories reveal that Doflamingo was waiting for CP0 to show up. When CP0 arrives, they announce to the citizens of Dressrosa, who were in a panic over the report that their king had stepped down from his position, that the report was a mistake and that it would be corrected in the extra edition of the newspaper at 3 p.m. that day. They then tell the citizens not disclose this to anyone else and to proceed with their day as if nothing had happened. After seeing these events in Violets memories, Sanji is visibly shocked. He then comments that using the World Government goes beyond the powers of any Shichibukai. Violet then tells him that she cannot leave because she is afraid of what Doflamingo will do but she says that there might still be time for Sanji and the others to escape. Back on Green Bit, in the present time, Admiral Fujitora is talking with Fleet Admiral Sakazuki, the former having difficulty believing that a false report could be published and given to Marine headquarters. Sakazuki replies that it is completely infuriating and he is going to contact the Five Elders at Mary Geoise about the matter, saying there is nothing else they can do about it right now. Robin finds Law using her Devil Fruit powers and explains that she overheard Laws conversation with Sanji. They decide they need to get off the island since the plan failed. However, Robin tells Law that both she and Usopp are underground and cannot help him at the moment, so they decide to escape separately and meet at the port. At that moment, Doflamingo and Admiral Fujitora show up and a narration box shows it is now 3 p.m. Doflamingo then mockingly pretends to be afraid that a Marine admiral is there because he quit his position as a member of the Seven Warlords of the Sea; however,Law calls him a liar. At the same time, at the Corrida Colosseum, the C block battle royale has just started. Cavendish is seen being held back by guards, enraged that Luffy somehow managed to get past him and into the ring. Luffy then shows his excitement because the battle has finally started. At the same time, around the world, the extra edition of the newspaper is being distributed and the people are visibly shocked by the false report. Back on Green Bit, Law asks Doflamingo if he really used the powers of the World Government and tricked the whole world just to deceive a small group of people. Doflamingo tells him that the fixed belief that someone would never do something so ridiculous creates a blind spot. However, Law replies that Doflamingo is just a pirate, even if he is a Warlord, he should not be able to do something as preposterous as getting a false news story printed, and that only the Celestial Dragons have that authority. Law then thinks about what he just said and remembers a comment that Vergo made about not knowing Jokers past. However, Doflamingo says it is more deep-rooted than that and says he plans to kill Law.  