Don Chinjao is impressed by Luffys Haoshoku Haki. Luffy tells Chinjao that he aims to be the Pirate King and Chinjao scolds him, saying that there are many people in the sea with the right qualities to become king and he must conquer all the conquerors for that to happen. Chinjao asks Luffy who taught him haki and Luffy says it was Rayleigh. Chinjao is surprised that Rayleigh is still alive and hits Luffy, telling him that he doesnt want to remember the past. Don Chinjao starts crying that his treasure was in front of him but he couldnt reach it. Gatz and the crowd are surprised to see the legendary pirate start to cry. Chinjao then angrily demanded answers from Luffy as to what Garp did to him, but Luffy shot back that he should either cry about it or get angry since Luffy himself had no idea of Garps life in his golden years. Meanwhile, Sanji and Kinemon are watching Luffys battle from the big screen in town. Kinemon then asks Sanji to help him to save Kanjuro from the toy house but Sanji says it is too dangerous now as Bastille and the Marines are surrounding the Colosseum. Though the marines surrounded the colosseum since the start of the first battle royale, not a single loser of Block A and B left the stadium, and there was no word of any development from their spy Maynard who was a fighter in the tournament and they worried about any unknowns that could surprise them. The scene switches to the Thunder Soldier explaining to Franky about the two rules imposed by Donquixote Doflamingo since he became king of Dressrosa ten years ago. They are:  There is a curfew at midnight. No one can be out after that hour. Toys and humans must not go into each others houses. Franky is surprised by this because the toys and the humans get along so well. Suddenly, Esta is seen yelling at a toy, saying that he caught the "human illness". The toy insists that he used to be Estas boyfriend, but Estas current boyfriend slaps it away and the town soldiers took the toy away to be thrown into the scrap bin. While being carried away, the toy yelled that hes human to no avail. After that scene, the two then turned their attention to a boy is telling his toy dog Wanpoko to let him ride on him, but Wanpoko refuses, saying that the boy is too heavy. Wanpoko is in truth Milo, and he used to be the boys father and the husband of the boys mother. Thunderous Soldier of Rage then asks the mother and son if they have a husband and father, respectively, and they answer that they do not. Franky was clearly confused over this and asked the toy soldier over what is going on here, and the soldier revealed that the toys were forgotten humans who were turned into toys by a Devil fruit user under the employment of Doflamingos family since he came to power on the island ten years ago. This revelation shocked Franky to the core and asked if the toy soldier was human once, but it told him that he will continue to tell him more as soon as they reached the Flower Hill. On Green Bit, the fight is continuing against Laws favor, and Law is failing to contact Nami via Den Den Mushi. In the Tontatta Kingdom, the ground is rumbling from the battle aboveground and Leo is confusing it for Usopps "Haki". Leo then quickly stitches all the furniture in his house to an secure surface. After everything in the house is secured he then leaves the house forgetting that he accidentally stitched his grandma to the shelf as well. Leo asks Usopp and Robin if they are hungry and they reply that they are not. Usopp asks Leo why they want to battle with Doflamingo and Leo answers that 500 dwarves are held captive in the dark factory on Dressrosa, including the kingdoms princess, Mansherry. Leo then shouts that the decisive battle will be in the dark factory, under the Corrida Colosseum.  