Gatz announces to the crowd that there are currently three contenders to fight against the Donquixote Family: the winner from Block A, "Champion" Jesus Burgess, the winner from Block B, "Cannibal" Bartolomeo and the winner from Block C, Lucy. He then informs the crowd that there is only one more person who will participate in the finals, but that the Block D battle will be delayed 15 minutes do to repairs being done to the arena. The news about the delay angers the crowd, as they are very anxious to watch the next battle royale, meanwhile Cavendish attacks Luffy outside of the arena, though Luffy is easily able to block his first strike. This catches the attention of Bartolomeo, who is annoyed at Cavendish for going after Luffy, though Bartolomeo stops along the way to torture a couple of bystanders for insulting Luffy for being unable to save Ace. Bartolomeo uses his Devil Fruit to create a barrier to crush one of the bystanders, not caring that he is apparently a noble. Bartolomeo then tells him that Luffy is going to become the future Pirate King, he also reveals that he was at Loguetown on the day that Buggy tried to execute Luffy and was amazed at the miracle that saved his life. He then goes on about how he followed news about Luffy and the Straw Hat pirates ever since and that after the events of Marineford he was inspired to sail the seas as a pirate. Bartolomeo is then implied to have cut off the nobles tongue, while Luffy and Cavendish continue their fight, with Luffy questioning as to why they even need to fight. Onlookers plead with the two to stop, but they are unable to even get close to the brawl while Bartolomeo is too nervous to meet Luffy yet, the Chinjao Family arrives then and Sai announces that his grandfather would like to talk with Luffy. Luffy however is suspicious and believes that Chinjao wishes to continue their fight, though in reality he merely wished to express his gratitude, unfortunately Chinjao accidentally breaks the floor with a headbutt. This causes Luffy to run away, while being pursued by an angry Cavendish, though Rebecca manages to take his hand and leads him away from the commotion. Along their way they come across Burgess who is in the middle of a conversation with his captain, which catches the attention of Luffy, who stops to hear what is going on. Burgess mentions during the conversation that he cannot trust Aokiji and then informs his captain that Luffy is with him, Blackbeard then begins to have a brief conversation with Luffy, telling him that Burgess will win the Mera Mera no Mi for him, but Luffy promises that he will not let that happen. As Luffy leaves Rebecca questioning him as to his relationship with the other pirates, to which he responds that he is something of an acquaintance and that he cannot let him win, Luffy then stops to try and get some free samples, though the shop owner is a little suspicious that Luffy is not interested in buying anything, though Rebecca offers to pay for him. Rebecca then takes Luffy to the gladiator quarters and tells him that she is impressed with his strength, though Luffy is more impressed with his lunch and asks if she is hungry, though Rebecca tells him that she does not get hungry, which reminds Luffy of a samurai. Luffy is then captured by an unknown assailant who asks Rebecca to kill Luffy, though Luffy manages to free himself, dodge Rebeccas slash and then subdue her while still eating. Rebecca then tells Luffy that she will accept any punishment Luffy gives her, though Luffy is unwilling to punish her since she bought him food. Luffy is then informed of the plight of the gladiators and how they are little better than prisoners under Doflamingos regime, while Rebecca announces her desire to win the Mera Mera fruit and kill Doflamingo.  