Zoro and Kinemon stand outside the Colosseum, after talking to Sanji and discussing their plan. Sanji decides to go save Nami, gives Kinemon the map to the toy house, and leaves with Violet to find their ship. Meanwhile, Zoro and Kinemon are looking for a way to enter the Corrida Colosseum while trying not to draw any attention to themselves. However, theyve already been spotted by Bartolomeo, who gushes over seeing one of his idols, Zoro; he goes on to think about the man he considers the first mate of the crew, due to his deeds in Whisky Peak and Enies Lobby. Meanwhile, Baby 5 and Gladius are upset with Violets betrayal, and discuss her punishment, with Gladius mentioning that Violet has some sort of far seeing ability. Meanwhile, Sanji and Violet are racing towards the Thousand Sunny on a toy horse. Violet tells Sanji that the port is full of Marines and reveals to him that she is able to see what is happening on the island using her Devil Fruit powers, which has a radius of 4000 km. Suddenly, she sees the ship get struck by lightning. Back on the ship, the Straw Hats and Momonosuke, aboard a restored Thousand Sunny, are finished beating up Giolla, and head for Green Bit. They discuss Doflamingo leaving the Shichibukai, which makes Giolla laugh and exclaim that her captain would never do such a thing. This annoys Nami, and she strikes Giolla with a thunderbolt again. On Green Bit, Doflamingo taunts Law, only for Law to mention that it isnt necessarily Caesars heart Doflamingo has got hold of. Doflamingo cold heartedly squeezes the heart, and one of Fujitoras subordinates cries out in pain, angering the Admiral. The sound of the thunder bolt attracts the attention of Fujitora, who asks Doflamingo if he can see any clouds overhead. When Law realizes that it is probably Nami, he escapes the Admirals gravity powers using Shambles, switching places with a rock, and successfully retrieving Caesar Clown. The rock he swapped places with is crushed by Fujitoras ability, and Law starts to run with Caesar, while Doflamingo chases them. Law plans to send Caesar to the ship while he attempts to lead Doflamingo onto the bridge, in order to stall him there and provide time for the others to escape with Caesar. Meanwhile, the Thousand Sunny is approaching Green Bit, but is suddenly attacked by Fighting Fish. The crew begins to panic, which attracts the attention of Doflamingo to the incoming ship. Doflamingo heads towards the Thousand Sunny, telling Law hes going to kill all of them, when suddenly Sanji arrives and confronts Doflamingo.   