Doflamingo demands to know what Law plans to do with Giolla, since his Family will do anything to help their captain. Law simply switches her with a rock and allows her to flee, which she doesnt wait to do. Doflamingo states Laws grudge is just his pettiness of his past loss, but Law disagrees, claiming he plans to fulfill the dedication of a person he knew. Thus the two begin to clash on the bridge, with Law using his powers to create an explosion. Out at sea, Namis group are trying to get back to Dressrosa while being on the lookout for Dolflamingo. Chopper is worried about Law while Sanji calls Usopp and finds out hes with Robin and Franky. Upon hanging up, he notices Momonosuke quite unnerved over something. Momonosuke tells him that he witnessed Doflamingo cruelly torture a subordinate for his failure in the arena when he had previously visited the island with his father and their friend, Kanjuro. After this, Kanjuro suggested they flee the island, but he was captured in the process, prompting Momonosuke to worry about his safety. Sanji listens passively as he thinks about Violet. A flashback showing that while they were riding on a toy horse, Violet had told him she had someone in the Government waiting for her to take her off the island and thanks Sanji for his help. He tried to get her to kiss him on the cheek but she saw the school of Fighting Fish attacking the Sunny in her visions causing Sanji to take off to go help the others. Back in the present, Violet rides past a few people viewing the D-Block fight on a monitor. She shoots and destroys it with a pistol before asking the toy horse to take her back to the palace. At the Colosseum, Bartolomeo has gotten the attention of Zoro and Kinemon. He cries in joy, and is later told to inform Luffy that they are looking for him. He agrees, requesting Zoros autograph as the reward from the request. In the ring, Rebecca is managing to hold her own by staying near the edge of the arena and knocking off the opponents who try to attack her. The announcer reveals that she has managed to win all her battles this way without causing any harm to her opponents. However she is soon confronted by Rolling Logan, who sets his sights on her and threatens to break every bone in her body.      The defeated gladiators are trapped underneath the Colosseum.   Meanwhile inside the Colosseums Underground Medical Room, Sai demands to know why his grandfather hasnt left the surgery yet. The guards state that he exited through a different room, which Sai accepts and profusely over-apologizes for. He takes his turn to be treated, but once on the examination table the guards open a trapdoor underneath him and drop him into a dark, vast underground chamber. As Sais eyes adjust to the dark, he sees that everyone else who has lost in the tournament, along with countless broken toys, have likewise been dumped there. As the former contestants wonder whats going on, Chinjao vows he will hold a grudge against Doflamingo for his actions until his grandchilds generation.   