More of the losing contestants of Block C of the tournament are dumped into the pit, and the group of fighters ponders how to escape. Ricky is amazed that such a place exists underneath the kingdom. Tank notices something about Ricky and steps forth, before hesitantly asking if hes the former king of Dressrosa. Ricky, having no reason to hide his identity any longer, removes his helmet and confirms that he is indeed the former king, Riku Doldo III. Tank weeps in happiness once this is revealed, as he was a former solider within the Riku army, even having entered the tournament to keep a watch over Rebecca. Elizabello II is likewise happy to see him and hugs him forcefully, stating that Doldo used to help out his kingdom in time of need. Sai, Boo and Chinjao are less accommodating however, and they confront King Doldo with the knowledge that Doflamingo rose to power due to his actions, which lead to his prominence as a black market arms dealer who would supply weapons to the enemies of the Kingdom of Kano. Sai also states this is the reason why the Happo Navy are in Dressrosa, to find and cripple Doflamingos weapon supply. Daguma likewise talks ill about Doldo, but Tank steps forth and defends his former king. The pair argue, with Lepanto stating the events concerning Doldos fall and Doflamingos rise are uncertain, but Doldo stops him and makes both of them back down. Most of the gladiators also reveal that they are former members of his army. A few of the broken toys unexpectedly arise from the pile and they, along with the former soldiers, bow to Doldo to the shock of everyone present. Hack reports to someone on a Den Den Mushi. Suddenly, a glob lowers onto Sai and snatches him into the ceiling, and before anyone can react he is dragged through a tunnel into a dark room. An unseen process occurs, including Trebol ordering him to a factory; at the end of which, Sai finds himself turned into a toy monkey without control over his body, compelled to follow Trebols orders as he marches out of a door into the public. Outside the prison cells, Luffy continues to cheer for Rebecca but begins to have trouble viewing her. He gets up to get a better look, and as he does he voices his concerns for Dressrosa, stating he can not help but wonder if something is amiss about the country. The prisoner-gladiators agree, stating that due to Doflamingos rule, he has hidden the true, ugly nature of the island from his inhabitants and that losers like them are treated like living trash and are hidden away. Luffy immediately draws a parallel in his head to the Grey Terminal of his hometown of Goa Kingdom. The gladiators give him a warning to be careful as he leaves. As soon as he turns a corner into a crowded area, he is spotted by Bartolomeo, who screams and cries in admiration on finding him. Back at the Flower Fields, Gancho explains the past of the Tontatta Kingdom. 900 years ago, the dwarves had come to Dressrosa to find resources for their people. The former rulers, the Donquixote Family, had promised to help them, but in truth they enslaved them and forced them to make jewels and trinkets for them alone, away from the public eye. Not even they are certain of the events of that time, as it occurred during the Void Century, but eventually at the end of the 100 years the Riku Family took over as the rulers of Dressrosa. On learning of the plight of Tontatta, the king pleaded for forgiveness and offered to help them. The kingdom flourished during those peaceful years, with the dwarves granted lease to take small items from the humans of the island in the guise of fairies in return for small acts of kindness and the planting of flowers across the kingdom - until Doflamingo, heir of the Donquixotes, came to the island and through treachery overthrew the Riku Family and regained the throne. The tribe is determined not to go back to those dark days and plans to fight with all they have. After being told this, Robin asks Thunder Soldier about Rebecca and why the people hate her. He reveals it was due to the actions of Riku Doldo, who believed he was doing the best he could for the country, but who was misled into doing something terrible. The truth was hidden from the common citizens, who were led to see him as a bad and unfit king and revile him. The soldier tried his best to protect his granddaughter, but ultimately she was caught and thrown in the coliseum. Usopp then asks who he really is, to which the soldier reveals that he is Rebeccas father.  