In the Corrida Colosseum, the crowd accuses Rebecca of running around and avoiding the fight, while Rolling Logan is chasing her, knocking out other contestants in the process. Thunder Soldier explains to Usopp, Franky and Nico Robin, how the former king Riku lost the faith of his people and, eventually, the throne. Dressrosa used to be a fairly poor country but the people were happy and grateful for their king, whose family had managed to keep their land out of war for a whole 800 years. One night, however, ten years ago, Doflamingo appeared in the kings chambers. Riku recognized him as a descendant of the Donquixote family, and commented on his feats as a pirate, which include stealing money from the Celestial Dragons and blackmailing the World Government to attain the position of Shichibukai. Doflamingo states his demand, asking for a 10 billion fee by dawn, in order to leave the country alone. Riku panics at first, but then decides there is no other way, if he wants to avoid a war, so he gathers his soldiers and asks them to collect all of the citizens money, without informing them of the situation. Tank Lepanto, as commander of the army, takes on his kings will and spreads his men across the island, asking for the people to give their fortune, as the king needs it right now. The people are reluctant at first, but seeing their king begging on his knees, via a video Den Den Mushi, they are eventually persuaded. Tank is moved to see everyone giving away their treasures, without even asking for a reason and marks that this shows huge faith. Just as the money was being gathered, Riku appears in the city of Sevio, riding his horse. The king, with tears in his eyes, starts attacking innocent people and destroying everything in his path, while begging for everyone to stay away from him. Soon, the soldiers follow the kings deeds also unable to control their movement. In the shadows, Doflamingo is seen, along with his crew, using his Devil Fruit ability to control Riku and his soldiers, waiting for the right moment to interfere and act as a saving hero in the eyes of Dressrosas confused citizens.  