Bellamy is about to attack Luffy, claiming it is nothing personal, but he is doing it to become one of the leaders of the Donquixote Family. Dellinger appears behind him revealing that Bellamy is considered an eyesore for the family, and that he intends to kill him. He also admitted, by a slip of the tongue, that the order for Bellamys disposal came from Doflamingo himself. At the iron bridge of Dressrosa, Law and Doflamingo are seen clashing. Law manages to scar Doflamingo in the face, but Doflamingo has the upper hand in the fight overall and manages to knock Law down. Diamante calls to inform his captain about Violets betrayal, to which he replies that he had that already figured out, since he saw Black Leg showing up out of the blue. Doflamingo orders Diamante to send Lao G to the entrance of the Smile Factory and handle the entertainment of the crowd in the Colosseum by himself. Doflamingo has Laws plan figured out. He knows Law wants to stall him there in order to provide time for his allies to destroy the factory, but still wonders why, although he claims to be using them, he has so much faith in Luffy and his crew. Law answers that he believes "D" will bring forth another storm. Luffy meets with Zoro and Kinemon at the Colosseum and Zoro complains to Luffy for not inviting him to participate at the tournament. Some marine sees through Zoros disguise and informs Vice Admiral Bastille, who figures out that Lucy is none other than Straw Hat Luffy, but still decides to do nothing for the time being, not wanting to compromise his mission to arrest all the fighters of the tournament. Going through the list of fighters they are supposed to arrest, however, the Marines find it odd that they only recognize Don Chinjaos name. Kinemon calls Sanji via Den Den Mushi, who in turn calls Usopp, so that all the Straw Hat Pirates can have a meeting and discuss their stories so far. Franky informs his crew mates that an anti-Donquixote army exists, the Riku army, consisting of dwarves and led by Thunder Soldier (whom he and Luffy met earlier at the Colosseum), who intend to act fast and overthrow Doflamingo today. Luffy realizes the soldier is the same Rebecca was talking about and, fearing for his life, asks Franky to prevent the army from acting. However, Franky states that he sympathizes with the Dwarves and wants to help them defeat their oppressor and reveal the darkness under Dressrosas bliss, despite that going against their original plan. Hearing their crew mates plea, Sanji orders his group to turn back and head for Dressrosa, and Luffy allows Franky to go all out, saying that they soon will come to join them. Issho and his subordinates have arrived at the shores of Dressrosa on their ship. A marine informs the Admiral that there is a skirmish in the city, to which Issho states that they must hurry. In the city, Kinemon and Zoro witness huge buildings being cut in half and wonder what this is all about. Suddenly, a huge explosion takes place right in front of them. When the smoke clears, they see Doflamingo standing and on the ground a badly beaten and bleeding Law. Doflamingo, wearing a serious face mocks Law for thinking he was a match for him. He then takes out a pistol and shoots Law three times, to everyones surprise. Luffy calls his allys name in desperation. Law is thinking of someone named Cora while slowly losing consciousness.   