As the Straw Hat Pirates yells out across the Den Den Mushi, questioning what the commotion is about, Doflamingo soothes the citizens, blaming Law for the "Abdication Incident" that occurred earlier that day. When Luffy angrily demands to know what the Warlord has done, Doflamingo states that it is none of his business and that, since Law was his former subordinate, he is entitled to "discipline" him. Zoro then quickly charges at Doflamingo, asking Kinemon to take Law out of danger. The marines ask Vice-Admiral Bastille permission to apprehend the pirate hunter, but he orders them to stay put. The samurai quickly informs everyone across the line of what has happened while agreeing with Zoro that they both should be on their toes. Doflamingo recognizes Kinemon and assumes that the boy he saw on the ship was his son, Momonosuke. As Zoro tries to land a swing on Doflamingo, Admiral Fujitora appears out of nowhere and blocks his attack. Using his ability the Admiral pins Zoro down, however the swordsman responds sending a flying slash, which gets repelled rather effortlessly. At the same time, Kinemon manages to reach Law, but before the samurai could recover him, Doflamingo kicks him back. Luffy tries to help his friends, but only then realizes that the bars in the windows of the Colosseum are made of Seastone. The entire crew is then shocked to find out that the man assisting Doflamingo is actually a Marine Admiral. Doflamingo and Issho float above their opponents using their abilities, taking Law with them, and plan to head towards the palace. The Shichibukai promises to explain everything to the Admiral, who replies that he will reserve judgment until their conversation is complete. Zoro and Kinemon realize the Marines have seen through their disguise and decide to make a run for it. Luffy claims he can still hear Laws voice and Zoro tells him to hurry up and find a way out, while they distract their pursuers. It is then, that they hear the crew members aboard the Thousand Sunny panicking over the Den Den Mushi. Their ship is being approached by, what seems to be, a huge talking ship, which belongs to the Big Mom Pirates, although Sanji can not tell if the Emperor herself is on board. Pekoms and Tamago confirm that Caesar Clown is on the Sunny and state their intention to sink the ship and retrieve the scientist. Caesar explains that he once stole research funds from Big Mom in the past, and that is probably why he is now being targeted. As the ship opens fire, Franky asks the Sunny team to lead the Emperor away from Dressrosa so that their mission does not get compromised. Nami explains that they need to head to Zou, for three reasons: firstly to keep Momonosuke and Caesar away from Doflamingo; secondly because if they lead the Emperors crew towards Dressrosa, the chaos will ruin the revolution; and lastly, to ensure that Laws sacrifice is not in vain, and to allow Franky, Robin and Usopp to carry out the plan and destroy the SMILE factory. Luffy approves of the plan to head to Zou and gives Sanji permission to fire back at Big Moms ship. Frankys group prepares to head towards the SMILE factory, while Luffy plans to head to the palace with Zoro and Kinemon in order to defeat Doflamingo and recover their ally.  