With the Army moving out, the Thunder Soldier, Robin, Usopp and Franky move out. While Leo shows them a secret passage to the underground, Usopp notes its very narrow and Franky is too large to go through, as he and Robin alone are barely able to fit. Leo apologizes, mentioning large humans werent meant for the passage. Franky asks how he can find another way in and the soldier reveals he can go through the Toy House above ground, but is against that idea. He reveals its only called a house because of its appearance, but there are no beds inside and all the toys continue to work even in night. Usopp then asks if that means that all the toys over Dressrosa are tired even now from working all day and night and the soldier says its true with the exception of himself. Franky decides to go through the house alone, stating if he causes a commotion up there then they can take out Sugar much easier.  Franky arrives at the toy house as the lower members recognize him as "Cyborg Franky". They then report to Senor Pink. Pink is seen eating a tomato while a woman tells him not to eat it since it will get messy. But he ignores her and rips her swimsuit off to use it as a napkin. However, the women are swooned by him while he tells him they should go after younger men despite their claim. When he says he doesnt like children, they swoon again calling him "hard-boiled". Franky doesnt seem to care whats going on and uses his coup do vent and attacks the house. As that is going on, Doflamingo, Diamante, Pica and Trebol can hear the commotion via den den mushi.  In the underground tunnel, the dwarves explains to Usopp the size of the Donquixote Family and the identities and strengths of the officers who are running the operations. As they reach the end of the tunnel, the army find themselves directly underneath the palace plateau where the huge harbor is located. Unnoticed by anyone, the army prepares to find their target, Sugar who is guarded by Trebol himself. They all arrive underground into a portyard as Usopp reacts shocked by the size of it.  