At the Royal Palace, Luffys group stands before Pica, a top executive. Viola reveals that he has eaten the Ishi Ishi no Mi which allows him to merge himself with any type of rock and he has currently merged himself with the palace which is made entirely of stone.This allows him to control the entire palace. He then attempts to crush Luffy and his group between the walls of the palace. At the Colosseum, as a fighting fish jumps towards him, rather than dodging them Burgess attacks them back with his Surge Elbow causing the fish to crash into one side of the Colosseum. The Colosseum workers order for stretchers for the audience who were injured by the fish and tell Burgess not to injure the audience but he simply laughs it off while the rest of the audience look on in shock. Then the Fighting fish with the Mera Mera no Mi on its back charges towards the contestants in the ring. As it rushes towards Rebecca, Sabo quickly tries to get a hold of the crate containing the Mera Mera no Mi. Diamante assuming that the person under the disguise of Lucy is Luffy and attacks him to prevent him from gaining possession of the crate containing the Mera Mera no Mi. However Sabo breaks Diamantes weapon with his pipe. Burgess attempts to take advantage of the opportunity and take down both of them at the same time. As Burgess takes his stance to prepare for his Surge Elbow, Sabo prepares to take the attack head-on with his Dragon Talons. He reinforces his attack with Busoshoku Haki and punches Burgess. Much to everyones surprise Burgesss gauntlet shatters due to the force of the collision. Diamante however, realizes the difference between Luffys and Sabos fighting style and begins to doubt whether Lucy really is Luffy. Meanwhile, at the Underground Factory, Usopp notes that toys just keep coming out of the Factory proving that Sugar is in the Factory. He then asks the Dwarves what the tentacle-like things that are connected to the tower are. They explain to him that the one in the center is a lift that leads to the palace while the pipe-like things are tubes that reach the Scrap Heap. It takes people and broken toys from various places and drops them into the Scrap Heap which is below the executive tower. Inside the Executive Tower, Cavendish is with Trebol and Sugar. Trebol tells him that he is in the Executive Tower which is a Factory-like room from toys are continuously spit out and that it is also known by another name. It is revealed that Trebol has eaten the Beta Beta no Mi. Trebol says that he will not listen to what a brat like him has to say. Cavendish orders Sugar to get the sticky substance by which he is bound off him, but she instead turns him into a toy and makes a contract with him without him even agreeing. The contract states that he will not harm humans and will bow to the orders of the Doflamingo Family. Almost immediately Cavendish loses his free will. Trebol states that now no one remembers who he is and now onwards he will, as a toy, have to work and die for Doflamingo. As a toy he is forced to work with the other toys to smuggle weapons. It is revealed that the other contestants who were taken to the infirmary were also made into toys and are being forced to smuggle weapons. Usopp, Robin, and their group of dwarves reach the room where Trebol and Sugar are located. The dwarves state that Sugar loves eating grapes. So their plan is to put a solid ball of the worlds hottest spice, Tatababasco, which theyve made to look like a grape, into her basket of grapes. The seasoning is so spicy that when it was tested 50 times on the dwarves all of them fainted and 18 of them were on the verge of dying. Usopp tells Leo to go ahead and execute the plan and he will stay back and cover him although in his mind he intends to run away if the plan fails. Leo steps up to place the ball of Tatababasco into the basket as the other dwarves cheer him on. He says that when Sugar cries out, it will be the sign that all the toys will become human again and all their forgotten memories will return and the evil deeds of Doflamingo be brought to light and his true colors will be revealed to everyone! He shouts that he is going to save his friends and return the Kingdom back to King Riku.  