At the first floor of the basements royal palace, Luffy and Viola escaped while Zoro stayed behind to fight Pica and are rushing as well as looking for an exit to the higher floor while the stonewalls controlled by Pica are trying to confine them by creating dead ends. Viola asks Luffy if Zoro is alright after having engaged in combat with Pica, and Luffy says to not worry about him, while breaking a stone wall with a kick. Meanwhile, Zoro is still fighting with Pica, since his slashes are cutting his manipulated stonewalls but dont seem to affect him. At the royal palaces first floor, after fighting through several of Doflamingos men, Rampo, Kabu, and Thunder Soldier were intercepted by Gladius. The two dwarves attempted to attack him in order for the Thunder Soldier to escape, but the officer effortlessly caught them. Gladius then attacked them with his Devil Fruit powers, knocking them out with the explosions by rupture of his arms. He then went after Thunder Soldier, stating he cant outrun him as a toy. He tackled the toy soldier from behind and, while explaining his ability, inflated the soldiers head. Right before it exploded, Luffy knocked Gladius away with a Jet Stamp, saving Thunder Soldier from certain demise. Luffy was about to continue the fight with the officer, but Viola pulled him away, stating that Gladius was too dangerous. Upon seeing Viola, Gladius ranted about her betrayal and exploded his helmet, hurting her with the helmets shards, managing to wound Viola which forced Luffy to carry her. Seeing no stairs to advance further up, Viola, Luffy, and Thunder Soldier jumped out a window and Luffy used his leg to stretch to the second floor conveniently outside the Room of Suits. As they overheard Doflamingo trying to get Law to tell him what the Straw Hats plan was, Luffy asked if he can attack Doflamingo, only to be denied and told to wait by Viola, while Thunder Soldier places his faith in Usopp to go on with the plan. After losing sight of them, Gladius ran into Kinemon, disguised as the Doflamingo with Wicca hiding in his pocket. Fooled by the disguise, Gladius informed him that Kanjuro had disappeared from the scrap house. At the toy house, Franky decided to remain at the toy house to battle the Marines, because going to the underground world with them after him would jeopardize Thunder Soldiers plans. He also placed his faith in Usopp. At the underground trade port, Robin used her Devil Fruit powers in an attempt to knock out Sugar with the spice the dwarves were going to use. Unfortunately, she let her guard down for a moment and Sugar touched one of her arms, transforming her into a toy. While wandering in the trade port, Robin wondered where Usopp went and put her hopes in him as well. With all the dwarves incapacitated, Leo also put his faith in Usopp. However, Usopp decided to run from the scene and angrily asked himself why Franky wasnt coming.  