Kyros stays for 9 years in the arena, winning battle after battle without any injury. King Riku under the pretense of Ricky, competes against Kyros and his 3,000 wins and loses after giving him a single injury on the head. Kyros knew from the beginning that it was the king all along and wondered why he did it. The King told Kyros that even though Kyros taught him how to fight with a sword, he doesnt want him to spend his entire life fighting in the colosseum and convinced him to join the army as the captain of the guard. However, Scarlett (the princess of Dressrosa) is distrustful of him since his past as a murderer is well known to her and told him that he will never come near nor touch her or her sister, even though she is under his protection. This changes when pirates kidnap her and Kyros saves her. Both fall in love with each other and end up marrying. Due to Kyros past as a murderer, Scarlett convinces her father to fake her death so she can live happily with Kyros. She eventually bears him a child who she named Rebecca. The family spend their days living in the flower field where Riku comes to visit them regularly. Kyros himself couldnt bear to touch his daughter since he believes she is too pure to be touched by a murderer and wear gloves routinely when he does play with her. One day, Kyros notices the palace burning and investigates finding Riku to be captured by the Doflamingo pirates. They chain him with seastone cuffs and Donquixote Doflamingo offers him a chance to join their army. Kyros, seeing the man who gave him a new life in terrible pain refuses Doflamingos offer, cuts off his own leg that was chained and is about to escape with King Riku when Sugar turns him into a toy. He still manages to escape and helps the king go into hiding, however Riku doesnt remember who Kyros was. With the king escaped safely, Kyros goes towards the Red Flower Bed where Scarlett and Rebecca are supposed to wait for him. Some days after the invasion of the Donquixote Pirates, Scarlett went to a market in order to buy some food for her daughter, but she was shot by an assailant. Kyros was horrified to see her here and rushes to her while brutally striking any soldier getting close to her. He then realizes that she forgot everything, even their promise to safely hide where he told them. Before her life was slipped away, she asks him to save Rebecca which he readily does.  At the present, Kyros (Toy Soldier) is jolted back to the present by Viola. They are about to be surrounded by Doflamingos men cursing Kinemon as he was dressed like the young lord (Doflamingo). Toy Soldier considers assassinating Doflamingo right away since they would lose this opportunity if they dont act quickly. In Corrida Colosseum, Sabo and Burgess fight continues and Burgess attacks are threatening to break the colosseum. Many of the soldier realize that another powerful attack like before would break the foundations and bring the entire colosseum down. Meanwhile Bartolomeo, as instructed by Sabo, looks to protect Rebecca, but Diamante confirms to Rebecca that he was the one who shot her mother, traumatizing her into defenselessness. Franky lies badly defeated by the combined assault of the marines soldiers and the Doflamingo family. He hoped that Usopp will succeed in delivering the crippling blow to Doflamingos entire operation. The dwarves of Tontatta cheer Usopp as Usoland fights. Many of the slave toys overheard that Usoland will save them and silently cheered that he saves them from their terrible fate.      Sugar gets shocked unconscious by Usopps reaction to the Tatababasco.   However, Usopp was already defeated by Trebols sticky web and the dwarves sank into despair. Trebol gets a call from Doflamingo who requested Sugar to return to him immediately. Before she would, she decided to feed the apparently poisonous ball to Usopp as a final insult for trying to kill her. But swallowing the Tatababasco ball causes Usopp to suddenly regain consciousness, his face in an unimaginable expression of pain and agony with his tongue caught in expelling flames along with a horrifying scream. Caught off guard, this unexpected display scared Sugar so much that it caused her to lose consciousness from fear, causing Usopp to be the battles victor and leaving the dwarves speechless at this unexpected twist.  