Sabos attack destroys the stage, causing a shockwave and panic amongst the audience. Rebecca is seen clinging onto Bartolomeo as Diamante accidentally mentions that they never planned to give the Mera Mera no Mi away. Sabo opens the chest with the devil fruit, while a shocked Gatz looks on, and points out that he is the last one standing. Gatz announces to the fleeing crowd that Lucy is the winner of the Corrida Colosseum despite the chaos that is unfolding. After taking a bite of the Mera Mera no Mi, Sabo comments on how disgusting it tastes. He rescues Rebecca, but leaves Bartolomeo behind, since he can defend himself, as he removes beard and helmet. While not still used to his new devil fruit power, and startled by the flames he has just produced, Sabo destroys the remains of the stage with a powerful strike. The attack is so powerful that it destroys the ground between the underground port and the Colosseum. Koala leaps into the hole after him. In the underground port, Trebol is angered and attacks Nico Robin and the dwarves as they attempt to get Usopp out of danger. The executive tries to attack Robin with his devil fruit ability, but she summons several large hands to lift up a large chunk of a rock to block him. Right after, Hajrudin appears from out of nowhere. The giant lifted Usopp up, complimenting his brave actions that removed the curses of the Hobi Hobi no Mi. He then showed the badly injured Usopp to the freed warriors of the Colosseum. The destroyed ceiling lets rays of light beam down upon Usopp, and the warriors take this as a sign. Usopp tries to convince the giant to put him down, but it was misheard by the others as "I will lead you" and they cheer him, asking what they should do. Usopp tells them to destroy the factory behind him and to save the dwarves. Having fallen down from the colosseum, Jesus Burgess is annoyed that Sabo ate the fruit meant for his crew, and Diamante worries over the loss of the fruit. While these two are grumbling, they are confronted by the freed toys from the basement, full of hatred for the Donquixote Pirates. Some distance away, but still in the port, Bartolomeo is upset that Sabo did not save him, despite being easily able to save himself. Sabo, having changed out of his disguise, introduces himself, Koala and Hack as members of the Revolutionary Army. He also revealed Lucys identity of Luffy to Rebecca, and tells her that the pirate is his younger brother. Sabo then explains that Dressrosa is promoting wars all over the world, and came to Dressrosa to stop it. In the palace, Kyros defeats Doflamingos soldiers with ease, including Buffalo. Luffy and Viola rush over to save Law, but Law warns him that their alliance is over and that they are now enemies, and if Luffy releases him, he may kill Luffy. Gladius rushes in, but sees that Doflamingo has been decapitated, and is startled. Kyros removes Rikus chains, as Luffy tries to unchain Law despite his warnings. A sudden shockwave knocks them to the floor as Pica emerges beside Doflamingo, holding the Shichibukais head in his hand. Doflamingo, still alive, warns that the situation is now serious, and that he will need to implement a plan called the Birdcage, which greatly shocks Law.  