The former toys emerge from underneath the Colosseum in a horde. The Marines trying to calm the panic see them, and conclude that the recent change in landscape must have connected the Trade Harbor to the Colosseum. Vice Admiral Maynard has returned to his former form, and Vice Admiral Bastille berates him for his acting without orders. Maynard replies that thanks to his infiltration, he has learned the depth of Doflamingos heinous crimes. In the underground trade port, Koala investigates a ship in the harbor. She discovers that the ship is a Doerena Kingdom trading vessel, being passed off as a pirate ship, and takes a picture.  As the Marines continue to restrain those being controlled, Maynard brings his case to Admiral Fujitora, adamant that Donquixote Doflamingo be arrested for what he has done. Issho responds that it is not the World Governments role to play God in the wake of the anger-filled screams of the citizens, and instructs the Vice Admiral to continue following his orders. At the newly located Royal Palace, most of the Donquixote Family discuss their current strategy. Already assured that they wont get into the SMILE Factory due to its Seastone structure, they also destroy the factory keys to remove any glimmer of hope. Lao G makes a sharp comment on Trebols inability to keep Sugar safe, prompting both Trebol and Diamante to attempt to justify their failures to Doflamingo. Lao G is further annoyed by their excuses but Doflamingo comments that what is done is done, and that there is nothing that can be done now, much to their relief. Diamante complains that the Marines will become an annoyance, and asks Doflamingo what he plans to do about the Admiral. Doflamingo assures him that the Admiral wont cause him problems for the time being, due to their earlier conversations, but also notes that nothing good will come of letting him live.  As he begins to expand on how best to deal with the pirates and Marines, Pica speaks up, stating that he alone should be enough. Picas high-pitched voice catches a subordinate off guard, and he struggles to hold in a laugh as another tells him hurriedly that laughing will get him killed. Doflamingo says that theres no need to be hasty, as he is confident that his game will cause the citizens to choose the Donquixote Family over the Riku family. As Pica begins to reply, the subordinate can no longer control himself and lets out a laugh. This immediately catches the attention of Doflamingo and the senior executives, much to the soldiers dismay. As Pica is about to entomb the subordinate in stone for his laughter, Baby 5 instead shoots him to prevent Picas wrath from going out of control, knocking the subordinate off the plateau. Doflamingo explains that he lost his mother at 8 years old, and killed his father at age 10, and that because the executives have shared joy and sorrow with him, he will not tolerate anyone laughing at his family.  In the streets of Dressrosa, Senor Pink, Machvise, and Dellinger reflect on how the Marines do not seem to be a problem because of Doflamingos status, and wondering how Franky had enough strength to elude them. Franky is seen running towards the new SMILE Factory location. It is revealed that he regained his strength from leftover cola he had in reserve for destroying the factory, which he plans to destroy with his Radical Beam. Monkey D. Luffy, Trafalgar Law and Roronoa Zoro land at the Donquixote pirates position, surrounded by marines and citizens intent on taking their head. Law, still handcuffed, expresses his annoyance at Luffys choice of landing, but Zoro explains that the situation wouldnt be good for them regardless of where they landed, because the whole country wants their head. As they attempt to run, Senor Pink swims through the ground and grabs Luffys leg. Machvise launches himself at Luffy and Law, but Luffy stretches his legs to push them out of the way. Dellinger aims a kick at Luffy, but Zoro kicks him from behind, causing the attack to hit Machvise instead. The citizens and marines open fire on the fugitives. Zoro says that hes reluctant to use his swords because there are innocents among them, which prompts Luffy to instead try Haki. Before he can use it, Issho appears and tells the citizens to stop shooting, as it is useless against them. Zoro and Luffy express their shock at his presence, and prepare for confrontation. In the colosseum, Robins group continues to evade the former toys chasing their bounties, with Bartolomeo and Hack backing them up. Robin determines that the landscape shift has placed the colosseum next to the Royal Plateau, so they head there to meet up with the others. As they escape, Hack notices that Sabo has gone off on his own, just like Koala. The island begins to shift again, with King Riku and Viola wondering what they will do this time. The commotion of the island catches everyones attention, until eventually Pica himself emerges from the landscape to tower above the island. As he says that he will deal with those that stand against his family, Luffy starts laughing at the high pitch of his voice, infuriating Pica.  