The citizens of Dressrosa shout at Luffy to stop laughing about Pica, as the latter has a complex about his high-pitched voice. An enraged Pica then aims a fist at Luffy, and the citizens run away in fear. Issho notices that something bad is happening, though is oblivious to what exactly. As Luffy, Zoro, and Law run from Pica, the latter two tell the former to stop laughing at Pica, though they are trying hard to keep from laughing themselves. Picas fist then lands on the ground, destroying many buildings and launching the pirates into the air. Luffy, Zoro, and Law land in front of the Corrida Colosseum, and as Zoro and Law reflect on how strong Pica is, Cavendish suddenly appears. As Zoro prepares to draw his sword, Cavendish recognizes Law and attacks him due to him being one of the Eleven Supernovas, which stole his fame. Luffy stops Cavendish, saying that Law is his friend, which Law loudly denies. Luffy asks Cavendish if he still hates him, to which Cavendish replies no due to Usopp rescuing him from being a toy. Cavendish then hands Law his hat, which he found in front of the colosseum, and offers to put it on for him, which Law quickly declines. Cavendish then tells Luffy that as repayment for rescuing him, hell kill Doflamingo so the Straw Hat Pirates can hide. Luffy declines the offer, saying he had to defeat Doflamingo to repay Rebecca for giving him lunch, leading Law and Cavendish to question his motives. Cavendish believes Luffy wants to defeat Doflamingo to become more popular, and gain the press attention. Suddenly, Chinjao, Sai, and Boo appear, their grudge against Luffy gone and now are ready to defeat Doflamingo to repay Usopp, which annoys Luffy due to him wanting to defeat Doflamingo. Hajrudin then appears, also getting rid of his grudge and saying hell defeat Doflamingo. He is soon followed by Elizabello II, Dagama, Abdullah, Jeet, Suleiman, Orlumbus, Ideo, and Blue Gilly, who all want the same thing: Doflamingos head, but for different reasons. As Zoro asks all of them to back them up, Luffy and the former combatants start arguing on who gets to defeat Doflamingo. However, they notice a crowd of former colosseum combatant toys heading toward them, ready to take Luffy, Zoro, and Laws bounties, and, forgetting their argument, easily defeat the ex-toys. Just then, Luffy sees Ucy in the crowd, and the bull quickly recognizes his friend. The citizens of Dressrosa are all on the search for Luffy, Zoro, and Law, expecting all of them to be dead. Suddenly, they see the shadow of a bull heading toward them, and thinking it is only the Straw Hats, prepare to fire their guns. However, they see the Straw Hats backed up by the Corrida Colosseums most dangerous combatants, and are very shocked. Pica then prepares to crush the combatants, but Chinjao uses his drill head and Elizabello II uses a lighter version of King Punch to shatter Picas stone arm, shocking the citizens. Meanwhile, Luffy tries to get the other combatants off his trail to find Doflamingo.   