The citizens of Dressrosa are shocked to see Picas arm crumble apart after Chinjaos and Elizabello IIs attack, and Luffy, in a panic, rides Ucy away from the falling rubble. The soldiers on the streets attempt to stop the Colosseum fighters, but are thwarted by Ideo, who uses Destruction Cannon to blow the shocked soldiers away. Orlumbus and Cavendish join in, respectively using the moves Admirals Hug and Swan Lake. The soldiers are powerless to stop them, but Pica gears up for another assault on the fighters. Chinjao prepares to hold the Donquixote executive off, but Zoro sees that Picas severed arm has grown back, and, knowing that continuing fighting like this would be useless, shouts at everybody to run. The fighters run away from Picas second attack, which destroys more of Dressrosa, and the fighters are at a loss on how to get through Pica to Doflamingos castle. Suddenly, Cavendish notices that Luffy isnt with them, and the fighters are incredibly shocked to see the Straw Hat riding Ucy up Picas arm. Luffy heads up excitedly, and Abdullah and Jeet, having also hitched a ride on Ucy, also cheer, which causes Luffy to realize they are there and to yell at them to get off. Pica then notices Luffy, and in silent rage grows his arm back, preparing to attack the pirate. Luffy attacks him first, however, hitting Pica in the face with Gomu Gomu no Grizzly Magnum. The attack shatters Picas face and shocks the fighters and citizens down below. Zoro, having ridden on Ucy with Luffy, points out that Picas shattered arm and head were just pure stone, and that Picas real body was located where his fake head was. Zoro remarks that Pica is finally showing some human characteristics, when the Donquixote executive pulls out a giant sword, scaring Abdullah and Jeet. They beg Ucy to turn around or stop, but the bull cannot do either of those things as Pica swings at it. However, Luffy manages to get underneath Ucy and propel it upward, out of the swords path. Ucy lands behind Pica, but the executive officer quickly turns around, preparing to strike again. Thankfully, Zoro manages to counter his blow with one sword, which causes a shocked Abdullah and Jeet to call him and Luffy "comrades of god". Pica tells Zoro to get out of the way so he can deal with Luffy, but Zoro says that Luffy has no business with a chunk of stone like him and mocks his high-pitched voice, enraging Pica further. The fighters below notice that Picas stone body has frozen, and take advantage of this to head for Doflamingos castle, intent on his head. Luffy, Abdullah, and Jeet continue riding away from Pica, the latter two refusing to get off despite Luffys demands. Suddenly, Law snaps out of his thought, admitting to Luffy that his plan had been a detour to crush Doflamingo, but that he, too, wanted to repay the Shichibukai after losing to him before. He then tells Luffy how Doflamingo took away the most important person to him 13 years ago. This person was Corazon, his benefactor and the former top executive of the Donquixote family, as well as Doflamingos true brother.   