Picas larger stone body remains still due to his confrontation with Roronoa Zoro, allowing the Colosseum group to push forward. The Donquixote Family subordinates attempt to hold them off, but to no avail. Dellinger, Machvise, Gladius, Baby 5, and Lao G watch on from the second level of the newly located Royal Palace, amused at the groups momentum. They are impressed, but still confident that they will not make it through Admiral Fujitoras forces. Baby 5 comments that the Straw Hat Pirates still managed to stop Pica. A map of Dressrosa is shown, showing the locations of: Zoro as he battles Pica; Monkey D. Luffy and Trafalgar Law as they reach the first level of the palace; the Colosseum group advancing towards the Marines; and Kyros fighting his way through individually. The Dressrosa citizens attempt to reason with Kyros to give himself up without a fight. They explain that they arent interested in his bounty, but that their deaths are guaranteed if all of the bounties arent collected. Kyros empathizes with their logic, but tells them that he too must accomplish something, charging at them. At the former Royal Plateau, Nico Robins group reach King Riku and Viola from the Colosseum, along with Tank Lepanto. Bartolomeo is disappointed that Luffy is not there, while Leo and the Tontatta are confused by Picas larger form and the new location of the Royal Palace. Rebecca points out that they still have pursuers, but Robin easily dispatches them by making the net she had created for climbing up the plateau disappear. Viola finds the key to Laws handcuffs, and expresses her intent to free him. King Riku attempts to persuade her otherwise, because Law and Luffy are pirates, but she replies that is precisely why they are the ones who can truly help their country. She goes on to say that the World Government granting Donquixote Doflamingo a special status and protection as a pirate is precisely how their country ended up in this predicament, and therefore she has no interest in their definition of justice. She claims they only listen to the cries of the people when it is convenient for them, whereas the Straw Hats have acted from a place of sincerity. The Tontatta agree, and bring King Riku up-to-date on how Usopp was responsible for the lifting the curse of the Hobi Hobi no Mi. They tell him that they also support the Straw Hats wholeheartedly. Rebecca decides that she will get the key to Luffy, with Bartolomeo enthusiastically asking to come along as well so he can see Luffy again. Viola warns her niece of the danger, but Rebecca assures her that she will be fine. This prompts Leo and Kabu to also offer to accompany Rebecca for further support. Everyone agrees to meet up again at the Royal Plateau afterwards. Franky finally reaches to the factory, and prepares to fire his Radical Beam. However, before he can release it, Senor Pink emerges and attacks him, wishing to continue their previous fight. At the Royal Palace, the Colosseum group has begun  to climb the palace. This alarms the executives, as they were confident that the attackers would not make it through the Marines. As Luffy fights his way through level 1 of the palace, the Colosseum group catches up to him. Baby 5 notices that the Marines are being held back by a large wall of flame. Fujitora asks Sabo if theres no way he can convince the Revolutionary to move. As a member of the Revolutionary Army, Sabo explains that he will not let anyone pass who attempts to bring harm to Luffy or his allies. He then corrects himself, saying that he is also doing this as a big brother. This leads Fujitora to question just whose brother Sabo is.    