Bastille warns his men to stay away from Sabo due to him being a Logia user. The Marines shoot at Sabo but his body is immune to damage because of his Logia powers. One Marine notes comments on how strong Sabos fingers are but Sabo corrects him calling them claws as he crushes a bazooka with one hand. He makes the bazooka explode as Bastille tells them to move as hell deal with the Revolutionary. Sabo easily breaks Bastilles blade with his fingers as the vice admiral curses him. Sabo then grabs his head and states he can crush a skull like an egg as he breaks Bastilles mask. Just then, Issho brings down a meteor wondering if it can break through Doflamingos bird cage. However, the cage merely slices the meteor to bits causing great destruction to the kingdom. Fujitora realizes his mistake and hopes no one was hurt while his men ask that he warns them before he uses his powers again. He then asks Sabo if hes aware of the predicament hes in but Sabo merely notes hes still having trouble controlling Aces powers as he reveals he beat Bastille. Fujitora notes that Ace was Luffys brother and realizes Sabo is the same. Sabo confirms this stating they shared drinks together and have an unshakable bond which causes several Marines to be shocked by Luffys brothers. Sabo mentions that should Luffy ever need help, he will be there for him. He has a flashback how he discovered Aces death and refuses to let anything happen to his loved ones again and clashes with Fujitora. Meanwhile, on Level 1 of the platform, Luffy, Ucy, Abdullah and Jeet and Law charge through the soldiers of the Donquixote Family. Just then, Luffy sees Cavendish as he states they found a short cut and are going ahead of Luffy. The other fighters charge forward fighting the other soldiers. As Luffy and Ucy are being shot at, Kelly Funk (while using Bobby Funks body) fights them off telling them to stay away from Straw Hat. After Kelly reintroduces himself to Luffy he tells him he found a secret passage that will lead them to the top of the castle. As they run Law questions Luffy when he will have the key to his cuffs off. Law questions if he really intends to fight Doflamingo while hes handicap but Luffy states it will all work out but Law retorts how Luffy can remain so positive. Kelly then leads them to the passage and as they enter Abdullah and Jeet fall off Ucy, much to Laws and Kellys shock. Luffy and Law keep going as Luffy gets a call from Robin as she informs Luffy they have the key to Laws cuffs. Robin states theyll reach them with Rebecca and Bartolomeo at the Sunflower fields. Though Luffy reaffirms Law that this worked out Law states only cause of dumb luck. Just then, Law notes they ran into a dead end with water in it. Just then, someone comes from behind telling them this is just a slanted room, revealing himself to be Doflamingo.  