Viola searches for the entire palace for Mansherry, trying places she had never been in her years serving the Donquixote Family. Usopp marvels at Violas power, when Tank Lepanto notices that two strangers, Kinemon and Kanjuro, have arrived. He puts Kinemon in a chokehold, but Usopp stops him, asking what Kanjuros poorly drawn bird is. Kinemon voices his surprise that Usopp, Viola, Lepanto, and Riku had managed to get up to the Kings Plateau while a bunch of pirates were trying to climb up now. Usopp agrees noting cause of the rocks they cant climb up, but Kanjuro reveals he drew ladders for them and the citizens now begin to climb up the ladders now, much to Usopps horror angrily asking why he did that. Kanjuro realizes he shouldnt have done that just as Viola finds Mansherrys location. Kanjuro feels disgraced for having done such a thing and attempts Seppuku to which Kinemon stops him but Usopp tells him to do it. Usopp then asks who Kanjuro is and he introduces him. Viola then relays the information to Leo and Rebecca to which Leo expresses his worry for Mansherry. Viola tells him of the location and he realizes its the "time out" room. Leo then gets tearful as it reminds him of Scarlett and that whenever he and the others visited the palace theyd get in trouble with Viola by Doldo but Scarlett would bring them food to which Leo admits he misses Scarlett. Leo thanks Viola for the information and she tells him to be careful.  As they reach the third level Robin notes there are some black balls heading towards them as she tries to warn Bartolomeo, but the latter is too entranced with working together with the Straw Hats and is attacked by "Punc Bala" in explosions. As Bartolomeo falls Kabu warns them of the Pamu Pamu no Mi as Robin begins to fall as well. Gladius sees them and goes after Rebecca noting he didnt see people coming from above, but Robin uses her powers and grabs him telling Rebecca shell deal with Gladius and tells her to move on ahead.  Back at the plateau Usopp (after having given Kinemon and Kanjuro a beating) hears from Viola that she saw some nasty toys in her direction and discovers that Sugar is awake, much to Usopps horror. Usopp says she should be out cold after his "Sure-Kill-Jack-in-the-box" face for at least two or three days. Viola worries since Luffy doesnt know of her ability and they are in trouble. At the palace, Sugar screams in terror seeing a foot soldier with a long nose and giving her sausages for food to which Sugar yells at him that people with long noses should die and she wont eat anything that looks like a long nose and only wants grapes. She then turns him into a nutcracker toy while frustrated over failing Doflamingo and swears shell turn everyone in the country into toys, especially Usopp. On Level 3 Cavendish tells Farul to run but the horse is bitten by the nutcracker. Luffy punches him off with a jet pistol while Cavendish tends to Farul noting his head was crushed. The toy easily recovers despite a hole in its chest much to Luffys shock. Cavendish angrily retaliates at the toy with Biken: Round Table which cuts the toys head off. However, it recovers again as the trio stand before the numerous toys thinking theyre immortal. Law curses the situation noting hed be able to make short work of them if he was free of his cuffs. Just then, Luffy sees something falling from the sky as Bartolomeo lands on a soldier as Robin flies herself down. As Robin gets reacquainted with Luffy, Law demands the key to his cuffs. Gladius falls down to as he curses Rebecca escaping while musing she was able to escape by herself swearing he will finish her himself. He then introduces himself as he prepares to face his opponents. Robin and Bartolomeo tell Luffy and the others to advance stating theyll fight Gladius and the toy nutcrackers. She then tells them that Rebecca is in the flower fields waiting for them and has Laws key.  At the flower fields Rebeccas group makes it while she worries over Robin but Leo reassures her that she and the crew are strong. Leo says they must go to save Mansherry and asks Rebecca if shell be fine on her own. She says shell be fine that Luffy and his friends should be at the fields any minute. As Leo and Kabu leave Rebecca notes that her father is out there somewhere also. Just then a noise is heard in the fields as a figure gets up from the thick flower field. The figure reveals himself to be Diamante who smiles at Rebeccas sudden appearance while Rebecca is horrified by his presence.  