On Level 3 of the Palace Plateau, Cavendish is shocked to see Sugars nutcrackers breaking apart on their own. Shortly, the nutcrackers turn back into people, with eight people being used to make each nutcracker. Bartolomeo rejoices that he can make barriers again, Cavendish expresses anger that Sugar used her own servants to make the toys, and Gladius reflects with annoyance that Sugar was defeated once again. Meanwhile, Sugars servants crowd around her, shocked to see her knocked out again. The servants who Sugar turned into toys talk about how they were worried they would be toys forever, but Gladius reassures them that they would have been turned back, though he knows that that would have been impossible. On the fourth level of the palace, Luffy sees an injured Bellamy lying on the ground and expresses his worry, amusing Doflamingo who knew that the two used to be enemies. Luffy states that that was all in the past, and tells Doflamingo to let go of Bellamy. Doflamingo replies, saying Bellamy came to him with a death wish and that this was the way he deals with things, as Luffy remembers Bellamys total devotion to Doflamingo. Doflamingo tells Bellamy that the latter was always a failure, and failure would be punished by death. Luffy replies angrily that Bellamy had changed and uses his powers to strike Doflamingo with his foot, despite Law warning against it. However, Doflamingo uses Bellamy to shield him from Luffys kick, and Luffy kicks Bellamy in the face, much to the formers shock. Luffy hastily apologizes for injuring Bellamy, and Law yells at him to control his anger, otherwise he would fall into Doflamingos hands. Law states that for Luffy to lose control of his emotions would be the same as losing his life, as the same thing happened to him, and he calls Doflamingo a heartless man. Suddenly, Trebol breaks out in laughter over Luffy kicking Bellamy, making Luffy angrier. Doflamingo replies to Laws accusation, saying he is not heartless but rather has reached his boiling point due to Luffy and Law destroying his SAD Factory, killing Monet and Vergo, kidnapping Caesar Clown, freeing all the toys, and trying to destroy the SMILE Factory. Now that Luffy and Law are also trying to take his head, Doflamingo says that things have gone overboard, both in their actions and his anger. Doflamingo states that his anger is where it was 13 years ago, and Law states that he would not have been here if it were not for that event, and Doflamingo says that if it had not happened, Law would have been the third Corazon and have been right at his side. Suddenly Doflamingo uses the move "Black Knight" to make another string clone of himself, which then attacks Law. Luffy then resolves to go after the real Doflamingo, when suddenly Bellamy attacks him with two swords. Luffy is confused and shocked at what the pirate is doing, but Law knows that Doflamingo is using his powers to control Bellamy. A weeping Bellamy apologizes to Luffy for what he is doing and tells Straw Hat to stop him. Doflamingo also goads Luffy in that direction, but Luffy refuses, saying again that Bellamy is his friend. Doflamingo laughs about how even a single punch could kill Bellamy in his condition, and alludes to what Law had previously stated to Tashigi - the weak cannot choose how they die. Luffy gets more angry that Doflamingo is not even bothering to fight them himself, and tells Law he is abandoning their plan. Law angrily berates him, and is angrier to see Luffy preparing an attack in his direction. Trebol laughs that Luffy is betraying his comrade, when Law suddenly activates Room, and switches his position with Doflamingo. By the time Doflamingo realizes Laws plan, it was too late, as Luffy hits him in the midsection with Gomu Gomu no Red Hawk. Seeing his master attacked, Trebol desperately calls his name. Now sitting at Doflamingos throne, Law looked up towards Trebol, before rolling upward and sliced him apart using a technique called Radio Knife. He then labelled Luffy as the worst, but the latter reminds him that he too, is a part of that generation.  