In Dressrosa Koala finds Sabo and sees if hes alright. Sabo says he is while Koala scolds him for not maintaining his position stating he should not be fighting an Admiral just because he feels like it. She says he could put the Revolutionary Army at war with them but Sabo retorts stating all that mattered was him was saving Luffy. Koala then violently pinches his cheeks and continues scolding him. Sabo then recalls his talk with Fujitora as the Admiral states that the Marines in this country cannot become heroes. When Sabo asks what others will think of his opinion and he states then hell use the excuse of having been compromised. Sabo says thats a gamble, adding that he hopes the admiral has good luck. Back in the present, Sabo, who hasnt been paying attention to Koala continues to be pinched by her while she shouts that Hack and herself are always the ones that suffer in his place when people are annoyed by his selfishness. At Usopps location, the citizens release Usopp and the others much to their confusion. They go on to state that by just manipulating Doldo for one night 10 years ago Doflamingo was able to turn the whole country against him and his bloodline. They state that after realizing the truth they just want to be saved from Doflamingos cruel game. They go on stating that they were confused and dont know what to do, begging their former king to help them. The citizens then bow before Doldo stating if he wants them to fight they will do so. Doldo asks them to wait a little longer as he realizes he too is placing his faith in Luffy. At that moment, Fujitora shows up much to the surprise (and horror) of the Straw Hats. He states that he too will not allow Dressrosa to go to war. He then tells Doldo that he would be joining him in placing his bet on Luffy. At the Kings palace on Level 4 Doflamingo is seen recovering from Luffys Red Hawk to which he spits blood out. Law tells Luffy that all the damage theyve managed to inflict are superficial wounds, stating that the strategy they used wont work a second time. Trebol tries to put himself together as he states he knows everything about Laws ability and that they originally wanted the Ope Ope no Mi for themselves. However, he cant reform himself like usual. Law reveals "Radio Knife" is something that creates a different incision than a normal amputation and that for a few minutes he wont be able to reattach his body. Law rushes at Trebol using a move called "Injection Shot" as Trebol tries to reason with Law stating he helped take care of him. Trebol uses "Snot Sword" but Law dodges and charges, but Doflamingo kicks Laws attack away. Doflamingo aims an attack as Trebol grabs Laws legs as Doflamingo uses "Full Bright" that pierces Law from above. Luffy notices this and tries to help but Doflamingo rushes over to kick him. Luffy hardens his arm with Busoshoku Haki but Doflamingo does the same to his leg and it overpowers Luffy. Doflamingo then uses his powers to tie Luffys hands behind his back and has Bellamy slash Luffy with a sword. As the duo lay incapacitated Doflamingo tells Law how he hates being looked down upon. He goes on calling them scum and that the fact that they actually thought they could defeat him was ludicrous, going on to reveal the sacred bloodline of his heritage as a World Noble. As Luffy and Bellamy react shocked by this revelation (Law already discovered beforehand), Doflamingo states his father abandoned all of his former riches and privileges and took him and all his family to a garbage dump of a world. Labeling his fathers wish to "live like real humans" as nonsense and foolish, Doflamingo ridicules his father and states how much he hated him. He then recalls himself as a child asking his father where the slaves are and wants to buy some. He then tells his father a commoner talked back to him and wants to borrow his gun. A scene of his mother dying is shown as Doflamingo blames his father over her death for living in a filthy place. Back in the present Doflamingo states by the time he was 8 he saw the heaven and hell of the world and later killed him and took his head back to Mary Geoise to reclaim his heritage. However, the Celestial Dragons labeled them as a "family of traitors" and refused to accept him as one ever again. Doflamingo then swore he would destroy every part of the world they rule. He tells them the life they have lived is nothing compared to what hes gone through and that a grown man doesnt have time to play kiddy games with them.  