16 years in the past, one week after Law joined the crew, the Donquixote Pirates dine together. The main topic of discussion is how Law got beaten by Corazon, and they remind him not to forget the Donquixote Blood Rules: Anyone who mocks the executive officers authority will be tortured and killed. Buffalo almost experienced this when he laughed at Picas voice, but the threat does not faze Law, who says he has seen hell. Machvise and Giolla then point out Laws illness, the Amber Lead Syndrome, which causes Buffalo to overreact, but Doflamingo slams his hand down and scolds Giolla for spreading rumors, since Amber Lead Syndrome is a poisoning and not a disease that could be spread. Doflamingo asks Law if there are any other survivors from Flevance, and Law replies that he is not sure, since he had to hide amongst a pile of corpses to escape. Doflamingo then asks Law what he hates so much, and Law replies that he does not believe anything, and swears to take revenge on Corazon for throwing him out the window, much to Baby 5s shock. Later, Baby 5 asks Gladius about the White City where Law came from, and Gladius tells her that its name is Flevance. In Flevance, all the citizens were wealthy and the city was so beautiful it seemed like out of a fairy tale. The source of all this wealth was Amber Lead, which was located under the ground and could be used to make all sorts of beautiful things. The value of this metal attracted the attention of the World Government, who helped ship this bottomless money source. Baby 5 says she wants to go to it, but Lao G tells her that it doesnt exist anymore. Gladius and Lao G then reveal that for 100 years, the World Government and the king of Flevance knew the truth about amber lead nearly a century before it was even mined: it was poisonous to handle. However, they kept it a secret from the people because they wanted the fortune from the amber lead. The worst part about it was it was a slow-acting poison. Each generation that was born with Amber Lead Poisoning had shorter lifespans than the previous generation, until Laws generation which would die before they even became adults. By the time the people of Flevance realized this, however, it was too late. Due to the generation gap in poisoning symptoms, everyone came down with illness at around the same time. People began to drop dead quickly, but while Gladius and Lao G were at this part Senor Pink swam in, saying that the true tragedy had only begun. When the countries neighboring Flevance found out what was happening to the people, they stopped trading with them and effectively quarantined them. The World Government evacuated the royal family, abandoning the rest of the people, who were shot out of fear if they attempted to seek help from neighboring countries. Finally, Flevance had had enough and went to war with the neighboring countries. This resulted in the evacuation of the children, which included Law. Law refused to leave, since his sister Lami was about to die, so the nun in charge of him agreed to let him wait for the next ship. As Law saw the other children determined to live on, the nun expressed her hope in the worlds mercy. At the hospital in Flevance, the doctors, including Laws father, were unsuccessful in an effort to find a cure for the poisoning, while expressing their frustration at the World Governments refusal to tell the truth about the non-contagious nature of Amber Lead Poisoning. Law visited his ailing sister Lami, and expressed his confidence that their dad could find a cure. When Lami heard the loud noises of battle outside, Law lied to calm her, saying it was a typical festival. However, he headed outside to find his parents, the nun, and all the children shot down by the invading army whose goal was to kill anyone carrying the syndrome. Law began to break down in tears, and became completely hysterical after the invaders burned down the hospital Lami was in and completed the total destruction of Flevance. Senor Pink says that after going through such an ordeal at the age of ten, its no wonder that Laws personality is messed up. Elsewhere, Law finds Corazon smoking on a pile of wreckage. He brandishes a sword, saying that Corazon had no right to live since his parents and sister died. Law rushes at Corazon and manages to stab him in the back, but his action is witnessed by a shocked Buffalo. Buffalo then races to report Laws violation of the Blood Rules to Doflamingo, who is currently sleeping, which will lead to Law receiving the skewering torture and then being killed for his crime.  