Doflamingo has a nightmare about how he and his family were hung off a building by a large mob, who were eager to avenge the wrongs they suffered at the hands of the World Nobles. The mob debates on whether to kill them or make them suffer, as well as how best to make them suffer. Individual people tell the Donquixote family about the atrocities the World Nobles inflicted on them and their loved ones, and how the tax the World Nobles demanded had sent them into poverty. One person taunts Doflamingos family about how terrible the World Nobles were, and asks them if they even know what pain and suffering really are. Suddenly, Doflamingos Den Den Mushi rings, waking him up in a cold sweat. Shaking and breathing heavily, Doflamingo puts his glasses on, douses himself with drink, and goes to pick up the phone. 33 years ago in Mary Geoise, Donquixote Homing, Doflamingos father, prepares to leave the life of a World Noble along with his wife and two children. The other World Nobles are shocked and angry about Homings desire to leave as well as his belief that he was only human. The Donquixotes are taken to the northern end of a World Government non-member nation, and are given a mansion and a small fortune to live a quiet life, as is Homings desire. Doflamingo, however, does not realize what his fathers action meant, and immediately asks to get some slaves. When Doflamingo heads onto the streets, he is shocked to find that the other citizens wont bow down to him, and is disoriented by his lack of a weapon on hand. Doflamingos loud complaints alert the people about the Donquixotes heritage, and they burn down the Donquixote mansion.  The family was able to escape and found temporary refuge in an old house surrounded by garbage while Doflamingo complains incessantly. Homing called the other World Nobles requesting them to allow his wife and children to return to Mary Geoise but he was denied saying that it was the life he have chosen and that they can no longer return saying that they do not accept discarded things. Doflamingo and Rosinante, Corazons real name, was then shown experiencing the hardships of being human: they were beaten up by a bunch of thugs and eating leftovers to satisfy their hunger. Shortly afterwards, their mother died and Doflamingo blamed his father for everything that has happened. Back to present time, Law was then brought to Doflamingo thinking that he will be punished for what he did to Corazon. Surprised to see Corazon by his brothers side looking oblivious as ever, Law stilled when Doflamingo said that he intends to make the boy a member of the Donquixote Family explaining that Law has the potential. Even so, Law remains skeptical knowing that he will die in three years. Doflamingo was optimistic and informed the boy about his black market business. That in three years time, they might find a Devil Fruit that can cure Laws sickness. Doflamingo himself promised to train the boy as he intended him to be his right hand man. Law learned that Corazon did not report his actions and instead protected him by lying about the wound as it was an enemys doing. Law spends the next two years with the Donquixote Pirates with Corazons occasional mishaps. While part of the Donquixote Pirates, he learnt swordsmanship from Diamante, marksmanship from Gladius and martial arts from Lao G while being tutored personally by Doflamingo. Noticing the white spots worsen, Law informed  Buffalo and Baby 5 that he might not last another year so he does not care whether he tell them his real name or not. Buffalo threatened to rat him out and after constant nagging from the two, Law reveals his full name Trafalgar D. Water Law. D. is supposed to be a secret and Water was his true name. The two even thought his name was boring and Law glared back in response making Baby 5 cry. Corazon, appearing out of nowhere, grabs Law and took him to a secluded place. It was here that Corazon speaks for the first time surprising the boy himself. He told Law that people like him must not be anywhere near Doflamingo and urges him to leave.  