Law was surprised that Corazon can speak and asks why would he hide all this from Doflamingo to which Corazon states Doflamingo came to the conclusion he couldnt speak. As Law starts shouting Corazon snaps his fingers saying "silent" and Law is now unable to hear people talking. He wonders what he did knowing he can definitely tell that people are having conversations outside. Corazon reveals he put up a soundproof barrier because Law was making a scene and inside his soundproof wall no one can hear them talk and those outside cant hear them either, revealing hes a silent human who ate the Nagi Nagi no Mi. Law then reacts shocked wondering if Corazon has always just been putting up an act about being mute and clumsy to which Corazon says its all been an act (though the latter sets his mantle on fire revealing hes always been clumsy). Though Corazon admits hes always been clumsy, Law demands why he would hide all this from his comrades. Corazon reveals hes never thought of them as comrades. As Doflamingos younger brother, it is his duty to keep his brothers madness at bay and wonders how could his kind-hearted parents give birth to a monster hell never know. He goes on to state Doflamingo isnt human and recalls the time he was being pinned to the wall by the angry mob. Homing pleads with the mob to let his sons go and shoot their arrows at him. A young Corazon pleads to die as he cant take the pain anymore. However, a young Doflamingo shouts they will pay for this and he will not die while promising to kill every last person who harmed him, shocking all the bystanders and his family. Back to the present in Laws past, Corazon states that Doflamingo was born pure evil knowing nothing of fear and the only ones who know of this are the four executives and the former "Corazon", Vergo. When Law asks who Vergo is, Corazon states hes an extremely skilled person on a secret mission that even he does not know about and that Law does not need to know. Corazon asks Law to not become a monster like his brother and wants him to get away from him though Law refuses as he wants to become like him. Corazon says hes definitely a "D." and is a member of the "Fated Family of D.". In the society he was born in those that bear the name of D. that "bad kids will be eaten by D." and when someone with a name D. in their name all the elders moan stating "that D. will bring forth a storm again". Law angrily asks if hes some sort of monster though Corazon says hes not sure as no one really knows what it means and that its a name secretly inherited throughout the world and in his home they call this "Family of D.s" to be "Gods natural enemy", shocking Law. He states that if you consider the World Nobles as "God" then the objective of Laws people would be to destroy the world, but Doflamingo is after the opposite of that and that D. is supposed to be the antithesis of God. Law angrily shouts he doesnt understand what hes saying and that he only joined this family so he could kill the people who wronged him and he has less than a year to live left anyway and is Doflamingos subordinate. Corazon offers him to leave to find a cure but Law says there isnt one and rushes back to tell Doflamingo about his powers and his ability to talk. Corazon tries to stop him with a kick but Law tosses him into the trash mentioning hes gotten stronger these last two years. Buffalo sees this and threatens to tell him but Law keeps him quiet like before with ice cream when Baby 5 lends him money. As Corazon returns to the crew he curses Law for doing what he did wondering if this is it for him. However, Doflamingo tells him to get on board unaware of what happened before. As Corazon reacts surprised, Law reveals he owes him from two years ago for not telling anyone about him stabbing him so now they are even. While the Donquixote Pirates are out at sea against Marines, Diamante demands Law and Corazons location to which Lao G mentions they left somewhere. Senor Pink reveals a letter to Doflamingo saying "Ive left to heal Laws illness" much to his anger. With Law and Corazon, Law shouts this is kidnapping as the Den Den Mushi rings and, thinking its Doflamingo begs him to help. Law demands what hes going to do with him and Corazon states hes going to heal him but Law states there is no cure. Corazon then answers the call, who is then called by his real name Rosinante by the man on the other end. Rosinante states he needs to leave his post for a while mentioning he needs to handle something personal. As the individual asks how are the kids of the crew, Rosinante states those 3 just wont leave no matter what he does. The individual is revealed to be Sengoku as an Admiral and tells him to be careful and give him the report later. He then puts away paper revealing Rosinante to be a Marine Commander and is greeted by Vergo who wishes to be transferred to G-5. Law demands to know if Corazon is a Marine, stating he hates anyone related to the Government, Corazon states he isnt one. They then arrive at a hospital and Corazon is confident they will be able to heal him. The doctor reacts shocked by Laws Amber Lead Sickness as Corazon states that its been around for a while and when the Doctor asks where Law was from with the answer being Flevance, the doctor and nurse react horrified thinking they will be infected by Law. Law says hes had enough and doesnt think hes human anymore and leaves crying, much to Corazons shock. The nurse calls Law a white monster as the doctor yells at Corazon for bringing law to him and tries to contact the Government about Laws condition. Corazon, enraged at their prejudice to Law, brutally punches him in the face and blows up the hospital. Corazon states that hospital was the worst and apologizes to Law for going through that and promises to find a capable doctor despite Laws plea to not go through it again. They continue to go to various hospitals, all of which treat Law with prejudice and results in Corazon taking his anger out on all of them for their cruel treatment to the boy while the government is now aware of Laws status as a survivor of Flevance. Six months pass and Corazon wonders why he is doing this to Law and wonders if hes doing this for the sake of the D. but he doesnt care about that. He admits he felt sympathy for Law over how a child said something like "Im going to die", he felt sorry for him. He goes on to state that when Law stabbed him, now crying uncontrollably, Corazon states it didnt even hurt and that Law was the one hurting and he could only feel compassion for him. As he walks away, Law, who heard all of this, begins to weep, finally finding someone who understands him. The next morning, Law now calls Corazon "Cora-san" much to the latters surprise and they then get a call from Doflamingo.  