Doflamingo asks his brother if they found any doctors to heal Law. Corazon taps the Den Den Mushi as a way to communicate informing his brother of their status. He tells Corazon to take Law and him back to the ship, revealing he might have a cure for his illness as a trade for the Ope Ope no Mi is up for grabs. The Marines is trying to get it and that some pirate who doesnt know of the Fruits true value is going to sell it. Doflamingo states he wants Corazon to eat it so Law can be cured of his illness. As Doflamingo hangs up he asks the other officers about Corazon mentioning that the Marines, who had formerly been able to find their location frequently, but in the past 6 months since Corazon left, they havent. As Pica and Diamante wonder if hes a traitor, Doflamingo hopes that isnt the case as he does not want to suspect his own brother. Corazon tells Law to rejoice as they now have a way to cure him. He states with the Ope Ope no Mi they can cure his illness, explaining how the Devil Fruit works, being able to modify the human body to cure any illness, much to Laws disbelief. However, it requires a lot of medical knowledge to use the Fruit to its full potential. Though Law retorts since Doflamingo wants him to eat it, but Corazon states he cant since anyone who eats 2 Devil Fruits will die and that they wont go back to that Family again. Corazon states that once he realized their journey would take this long he realized Doflamingo would brand him as a traitor. He then thinks to himself that he knows that Doflamingo wants him to eat the Ope Ope no Mi to give him eternal life and if they go back they will die. He tells Law they are going to go behind Doflamingos back and steal the Ope Ope no Mi and have Law eat it and cure himself of his illness and go into hiding. He then contacts Sengoku to update him on his situation about the Ope Ope no Mi. Sengoku reacts shocked stating no one should have known about this trade and Corazon states he found out from his brother. He asks Sengoku about information about the trade and in return hell tell him what he knows about Doflamingos Underworld business. Sengoku reveals the trade happens in three weeks in the North Blue on Rubeck Island and Doflamingos meeting with Corazon is within 3 days beforehand on Swallow Island. Sengoku states this is as far as Doflamingo will go and they will destroy the Donquixote Family and tells Corazon to not come anywhere near that island. Corazon agrees and promises to inform Sengoku about all the information he has on Doflamingos Underworld business. After he hangs up, Law collapses from his illness much to Corazons shock. Corazon tells him to hang on mentioning his three year time limit isnt even up and Law must hang on a little while longer. Corazon begins tearing up and begs Law to hang on just for another three weeks and to give him a fighting chance. They then set sail but are caught in a storm. Law wakes up and informs Corazon about the World Government knowing about the Amber Lead they dug up was poisonous but still had them dig it all for money, and how the Government killed them. He then asks if he is a Marine and an ally of theirs, but Corazon lies stating he is not, much to Laws relief. Corazon tells him that by taking the Fruit they will make enemies out of Doflamingo, the Marines and the World Government. Three days before the trade they arrive at Minion Island as Corazon is speaking with Sengoku who informs him of a Marine turned pirate named Diez Barrels who has the fruit and tells him to not let Doflamingo get his hands on it. Corazon then takes Law to the island. Diez on the island is partying with his crew about the Ope Ope no Mi mentioning there was once a legendary doctor who had this power and became famous for his ability to cure any illness with its powers. Earlier, during Laws was travels with Corazon, the former demonstrated to Law the power of the Nagi Nagi no Mi, using a move called "Calm". He smashes a vase, shoots a bazooka and farts without making a single sound. Law stated his powers were lame and Baby 5s are much cooler, much to Corazons shame. He then later creates an explosion around Diezs place and blows up the mansion without making a sound. With his powers, Corazon is able to sneak in without making a sound and steal the Fruit without anyone noticing. As Corazon rejoices getting the Fruit for Law he accidentally slips on the snow and is found by Diezs men. They start shooting as Law can hear this, wondering if something went wrong given Corazon should have cancelled all noises.  