On Swallow Island Vice Admiral Tsuru seeing no sign of the Donquixote Pirates, questions Rosinantes intel. She then receives a report from the scouts on Minion island that there was a fire in the lair of Diez Barrels crew and advises the scouts to find out what happened while remaining discrete since the deal must not be compromised or they will lose the fruit. At the ghost town at Minion Island, Barrels yells at his men to find the stolen fruit if they dont want this 5 billion belly deal to go south. Rosinante, having sustained significant injuries at his slip-up with the pirate patrol manages to reach Law and presents the Ope Ope no Mi to him. Law asked him about the gunshots and fire but Rosinante dismisses those incidents and tells him that the fruit will save Laws life but Law was skeptical of the fruits power and doubts that he will be cured. Infuriated with Laws attitude, Rosinante force fed the fruit to Law despite his protest. In the end, when Law swallowed the fruit he yells at Rosinante that he was not psychologically ready to become a Devil Fruit user but instead sees Rosinante collapse face first on the ground. Rosinante, weak from his injuries assures Law that with the fruit he can cure himself and that they outwitted Doflamingo. Knowing that Doflamingo will never stop until he can get the fruit, Rosinante asks Law for a favor that he must do. Confused with Rosinante condition, Law helps turn Rosinante around and was horrified at the numerous gunshots and open wounds on him. Rosinante told him about his blunder with a patrol and assures Law that he will survive this. Law, scared for his friends life tries to use the fruits power despite having no experience in it. Rosinante stops him telling that its not like magic and reminds Law of the favor he asked him to do. At the west of the island, there is a Marine spy ship and Law must deliver an intelligence letter to the marines. It is important that the letter reaches them since it will save a kingdom called Dressrosa from Doflamingos cruelty. Once Law delivers the letter, they will leave the island immediately. Law manages to find a marine patrol and waits for them to leave. He later sees a lone Marine move by and reveals himself to him, giving him the letter. The man who turns out to be Vergo recognizes the importance of the letter and thanks Law, but Law tearfully begged him to save his friend who was shot. Seeing no other choice, Vergo carries Law to where his friend is, only to be shocked at seeing Corazon here. Rosinante was also surprised and accidentally revealed his voice to Vergo. Law was confused at this until he remembers Vergos name being mentioned by Rosinante being one of Doflamingos officers. Vergo, being suspicious of Corazons presence decides to check the intelligence letter given to him by Law despite Corazons protest. Rosinante cursed his bad luck since Vergo was one of Doflamingos trusted crew members. Once Vergo reads the contents of the letter, he delivers a vicious kick to Rosinante face, no longer calling him Corazon. Law tries to stop Vergo, but the Doflamingo spy was unfazed when he grabs Law in a choking grip. He remembers Law as the kid from Flevance and cruelly reminds Law that since he is his superior, he must address him as "Vergo-san" and throws Law away. Vergo was extremely angry at Rosinantes double-crossing and destroys the letter that if given to the marines would ruin the years of planning by the Doflamingo family. Once his beating of the two traitors was concluded, Vergo contacted Doflamingo and reveals everything he knows of what happened. Doflamingo was mildly surprised at the news of his brother being a Marine spy and that he was trying to bring him down since rejoining the family. Vergo learns that Doflamingo is currently on Minion island since he saw the marines waiting for him on Swallow island and knew that someone ratted him out. Seeing that his own brother was the mole, Doflamingo declares that Corazon is no longer part of the family and orders Vergo to retrieve the Ope Ope no Mi from Corazon since he suspects that Corazon stole it before he arrived. Vergo turns toward the two traitors only to find them gone when he was on the Den Den Mushi. Doflamingo, realizes that they escaped, assures that they wont escape and creates a Birdcage that covers a large portion of the island, preventing anyone from escaping while controlling their every move. Rosinante and Law, barely recovering from Vergos assault witnessed the formation of the Birdcage and Rosinante knew that Doflamingo will not let them leave that easily. Rosinante knows there is no hope for him but was determined to make it his final mission to save Law from Doflamingos wrath. He smiles at Law, saying that hell die smiling, and expresses his hopes that if Law thinks of him when hes gone, he will remember him smiling.  