31 years in the past, Vergo and Trebol cheer on Doflamingo as he holds Homing at gunpoint, ready to take revenge on his father for taking his World Noble powers away. Rosinante, who is being held by Homing, is sobbing and begs Doflamingo to stop. As Doflamingo tells of his plan to take Homings head in order to return to Mary Geoise, Homing apologizes to his sons for having him for a father. Doflamingo then shoots Homing, causing Rosinante to bawl uncontrollably. 18 years later, the Marines look in shock at Doflamingos Birdcage surrounding the town on Minion Island. With even greater shock, they see the pirates inside killing each other uncontrollably. In another area, one of the Barrels Pirates begs his crewmate Dorry, who ended up outside the birdcage, to help him, but Dorry runs off instead, revealing an X-shaped scar on his chin. Elsewhere, Diez Barrels tries fruitlessly to call for help as Doflamingo stands in front of him and his crew lies dead around him. Doflamingo then shoots him as outside his crew plunders the Barrels Pirates treasure during their search for Rosinante. Baby 5 and Buffalo fly over the birdcage to look for Rosinante, but only see bodies from the Donquixote Pirates massacre, when suddenly they pick up a transmission. However, Rosinante makes himself seen to Gladius, and Pica then reports their success to Doflamingo. Elsewhere, Law sits in a treasure chest where Rosinante hid him. He remembers Rosinante telling him to sit tight, but he hears shouts and shots coming from outside. Law tries to get out, to no avail. Law then hears Gladius, Trebol, and some other Donquixote Pirates beating Corazon up and yelling about how he betrayed them. Suddenly, Doflamingo arrives. Doflamingo approaches Corazon, reflecting on the six months that had passed since the latter deserted. A beaten-up Corazon remembers how Sengoku had found him after his fathers murder, and holds a Marine-issued pistol at Doflamingo. Corazon then reveals his true allegiance to the Marines, and prepares to shoot Doflamingo to prevent the calamity the latter had planned to unleash. Corazon apologizes to Law for lying about his allegiances, but Law, who already knew, wonders why Corazon would tell Doflamingo, who also already knew. Doflamingo then interrogates Corazon on the location of Law and the Ope Ope no Mi. Corazon reveals that Law already ate the fruit and lied that Law was outside the birdcage and protected by the Marines on a patrol boat. Corazons lie is backed up when Buffalo intercepted a transmission that the Marines had found a boy, but that was just a coincidence. Doflamingo in a panic then dispels Birdcage and orders his crew to find the Marine Patrol Boat. Corazon tries to discourage Doflamingo from searching for Law, but Doflamingo states that Law needs some education on how the latter needs to die for him, something Law fully heard. Doflamingo and Corazon point their guns at each other, and Doflamingo laments on how he has to kill a family member again. Law silently panics inside the treasure chest, because Corazon had promised to make it out alive. Law remembers Corazon telling him that pirates tend to take treasure chests back to their ships and leaves Law in a chest to conceal him from Doflamingo. Corazon reaffirms Laws worries that Doflamingo wont kill his own brother and is only after the Ope Ope no Mi. He uses his Calm ability on Law so he wont make a sound and tells Law he loves him (though Law is surprised by the goofy face Corazon makes). Back in the present Law tries to get out of the chest knowing this isnt what Corazon said. Corazon tells his brother that Law will not obey him and has beaten his fate of dying in three years and is not the same Law that wondered his way to the mad pirate Doflamingo. He shouts that there is nothing he can learn from him and that he is finally free of his madness. As Law weeps at these words, Doflamingo is unimpressed and cold-heartedly shoots his own brother repeatedly. While Law cries go unheard and many of the Donquixote Family members present (minus Buffalo and Baby 5) remain unresponsive to Corazons murder. Law tries to break free only to remember all the time together he spent with Corazon. The crew leaves with the treasure while Law is still inside one of them. Corazon, barely holding on to life, uses what strength he has left to stay alive long enough to make sure Law escapes unnoticed. As the Donquixote Family loads the treasure Law leaves crying uncontrollably. Corazon tells Law nothing will bind him anymore, whether it be his illness or the boarders of the White City and he is now truly free. Tsurus ship shows up just as Corazon finally dies. The Calm field around Law wears off as Laws cries are finally heard and Corazons body is buried in the snow while Law walks away in tears as no one can hear his voice over the cannon fire of the Marine battleships.  