At the Sunflower Fields, Diamante and Kyros are still fighting, with Kyros having a hard time keeping his balance due to the fluttering ground. Diamante makes the connection between Kyros and the Thunder Soldier and tells his opponent that their fates are connected before targeting Rebecca with an attack. After Kyros blocks it, Rebecca says she wants to help as she is nothing more than a burden right now, but Kyros says he will never let her have to fight again. On the second floor, Zoro remarks on Sais strength, making a note to himself to remember the Happou Navy in the event he meets them in the future, while Sai tries to wake Chinjao up and Baby 5 is dreaming of their wedding. Meanwhile on the third floor, Gladius is about to blow up the entire ground. Cavendish looks for help in Bartolomeos barrier, and the latter lets him in eventually despite declining at first as it would be too dangerous for him and Robin. After a brief argument, Bartolomeo lets Cavendish out to keep fighting Gladius. The Donquixote officer then tries to attack Robin who is headed to the Sunflower Fields thinking its too dangerous for Rebecca to be there, but Bartolomeo blocks him. Robin winks at Bartolomeo in gratitude, and he gets so excited that he charges at everyone with his barrier, even at Cavendish who is about to attack Gladius. By that time, Dellinger is headed for the third floor and Gladius tells him to take care of Robin as he is too busy fighting both Bartolomeo and Cavendish. Hes about to do so, but hes stopped by Ideo whos still standing despite being seriously wounded. After declaring his intention to buy even the slightest amount of time for Luffy to take down Doflamingo, Ideo is finally defeated when Dellinger bites his neck with his fangs. Shortly after, Dellinger arrives at the third floor, but Gladius tells him to stay away as there is a very dangerous enemy there. Dellinger shrugs if off, only to be finished off in one slash by Cavendish, who has awakened his Hakuba personality.  