Doflamingo asks Luffy, as to why the pirate prevented him from smashing Laws head in as he tries to stomp on Law again. However, Luffy counters Doflamingos strike again using Haoshoku Haki, shocking Law and Trebol who had no idea Luffy possessed it as well. Luffy and Doflamingo both use their Haoshoku Haki to try to overwhelm the other, as Trebol remembers a ten-year-old Doflamingo achieving it 30 years ago. He told the former World Noble that he was destined to be a king, and gave Doflamingo a gun as well as the Ito Ito no Mi so that Doflamingo could exact revenge on anyone he wanted dead. Trebol then boasts to Luffy that he will never be a match for his captain, as Doflamingos fate as a World Noble was what triggered his insanity and rage. Doflamingo manages to block most of Luffys kicks with his arm, but Luffy manages to find an opening and kicks Doflamingo in the chest. He then punches Doflamingo twice in the face with Busoshoku Haki-imbued fists before using Gomu Gomu no Eagle Bazooka to finish Doflamingo off. However, Doflamingo evades the attack and kicks Luffy with Athlete Thread, sending him crashing into the edge of the palace roof. Trebol intercepts Luffy and holds him down using his devil fruit powers so that Doflamingo can finally finish Law off. Luffy gets angry and attempts to punch Trebol, with no effect. Luffy gets confused, saying his Busoshoku Haki should have been able to bypass Trebols Logia intangibility, but Trebol asks Luffy if he truly is a Logia, saying that Luffys attacks could not harm him. Law tells Luffy that fighting against Trebol is futile, and insults Trebol, saying he was glad he never sat on the Heart Seat, as would have had to associate himself with buffoons like Trebol. This enrages Trebol, who attacks Law with Beta Betton Launcher, immobilizing the Shichibukai despite Luffys angry remarks. Trebol then prepares to teach Law a lesson, and tells Law that he, Vergo, Diamante, and Pica took a young Doflamingo, who managed to escape Mary Geoise alive, under their wing thirty years ago and groomed him to become a powerful king who would show them his dreams. The four of them made sure that anything that caused Doflamingo pain got eliminated, starting with shooting thugs who assaulted him. Once, Doflamingo tripped and fell on a poorly paved street, and the four executives retaliated by burning down the entire town, saying that no one would stand before Doflamingo, the future Pirate King, as he stood on a pile of wreckage and they bowed before him. Trebol tells Law that the five Donquixote Pirates had always considered themselves family, and he prepares to kill Law by using a lighter to set the mucus binding Law on fire. However, Law retorts, saying that all of Trebols loyal actions toward Doflamingo were nothing more than Doflamingo manipulating him like a puppet. This enrages Trebol, who leaps at Law, ready to skewer him. Doflamingo warns his executive against going after Law since the latter has activated a small Room around himself, but Trebol ignores his master, saying that Law was still helpless. However, Law says that he would never be able to face his crew if he left Trebol and Doflamingo to Luffy alone, and uses Takt: Sterben to lift up his severed arm and vertically spin his sword straight through Trebol. This causes Trebol to bleed, shocking Luffy. Meanwhile, on the Flower Field, Leo suddenly stares upward toward the palace roof, and so do the dwarves outside the now-destroyed SMILE Factory, with Flapper saying that his heart suddenly feels lighter. However, Franky, who has regained consciousness, breaks the dwarves out of their state by shouting at them to get away from the Birdcage. Meanwhile, all of Trebols mucus covering has slipped off, revealing him to be incredibly skinny. However, Trebol spits mucus on his lighter, cursing Law and swearing to take the Shichibukai with him, as a massive explosion occurs.  