CP0 has reached the Dressrosa Royal Palace, and an agent reports to their fellow agent Rob Lucci that they could not find the smuggling list but it was clear that things were stolen. Lucci confirms to the agent that it could only be the Revolutionary Army that stole the weapons, and his fellow agent Spandam remarks on how annoying the Revolutionaries were, but Lucci replies that he was just as annoying. Meanwhile, Viola dances before the citizens as the narrator comments that the dark history of Dressrosa has come to an end, and peaceful days are about to return now that Riku is king again. Riku reveals the existences of Gancho and Mansherry to the public, and they are met with cheering as Leo gives blueprints to a human in the hopes of making something. In the palace, Riku notices that the Levely will happen soon and Tank comments that other countries were already preparing. The harmonious day continues on Dressrosa as Rebecca drops by the market and the citizens build statues of Monkey D. Luffy and Usopp. The time has come for the people to live alongside the dwarves. On a Marine ship out at sea, Fujitora tells Sengoku that hell be heading off on his own due to failing to capture Luffy and Law. Sengoku tells him that Sakazuki would probably be lenient if Fujitora apologized, but Fujitora tells him that his pride was too strong. Below deck, Tsuru converses with Donquixote Doflamingo in the brig. Doflamingo tells her that Fujitora should have worked with him to eliminate Luffy and Law because he had everyone under control. Tsuru tells him to stop whining because he lost and that scenario would never happen. Tsuru asks him what will happen to the pirates under his control, and Doflamingo gleefully answers that there were many parties set out to control the world, including the mysterious Family of D., and that Mary Geoise should be ready to lose their high positioning. Doflamingo says that there could only be one top power on the seas, and the greatest war in history would soon begin. Meanwhile, a pirate associated with Kaidou looks out at the four Marine ships containing Doflamingo. He tells his captain Jack that it would be impossible to rescue him and asks him if they should return. However, Jack brushes the question off and tells him that they would do it regardless because of who he was. Elsewhere, the Straw Hat Pirates react in shock and outrage when they see the Barto Clubs ship, the Going Luffy-senpai. Bartolomeo and Gambia admire Luffys Vivre Card before the entire crew swoons in Luffys presence. Luffy remembers how Bellamy and the captains of the Straw Hat Grand Fleet each took a piece of the Vivre Card before departing. Law tells Bartolomeo to set sail for Zou, and Usopp and Franky wonder if Sanji and the others are already there. Suddenly, Zoro notices with a shock while reading the newspaper that their bounties have gone up. Bartolomeo beckons the Straw Hats inside so they could see their wanted posters, telling Law, whose poster he had thrown away, that he was now worth 500,000,000. Bartolomeo then presents the framed posters, each of them with updated pictures. Franky gets angry that Usopp now had a bounty over 100,000,000 and he did not, and the Straw Hats notice that Sanjis poster now has a photo of him instead of a sketch. Bartolomeo reveals that the gladiators who took part in the fight against Doflamingo had their bounties increase by 50,000,000 before pointing out something peculiar on Sanjis poster: he is wanted "Only Alive".  