As large hailstones rain down on the Going Luffy-senpai, managing to put a hole in the deck, Bartolomeo tells Monkey D. Luffy and the Straw Hat Pirates to go below deck, but Luffy says they will help the Barto Club and Franky questions who their navigator is. However, Bartolomeo reveals that they do not have one due to originally being a land-based gang, outraging Usopp, and Gambia calls his grandmother to ask her what they should do; Gambias grandmother merely tells them to use the hail to freeze the pieces of gum on the deck and treat their warts, further angering Usopp. With the Straw Hat Pirates cursing the Going Luffy-senpai and wishing it was equipped like the Thousand Sunny, Roronoa Zoro tells Bartolomeo to put up a barrier, but Bartolomeo says that they were told it was a sin to defy nature, prompting an irritated Zoro to wonder how the Barto Club ever got this far in the New World. Despite this, Bartolomeo expresses confidence that they will have nothing to fear on their dangerous journey as long as the Straw Hat Pirates were on their ship. At Marine Headquarters, Kizaru receives a report that the A O Pirates, who formerly served under the Whitebeard Pirates, have been annihilated by the Shichibukai Edward Weevil. The Marine states that this is the sixteenth Whitebeard crew that was annihilated, and it went the same way as usual by petty arguments turning into rampages. He reports that 600 people died from the attack, and asks Kizaru if it was right for them to ignore Weevils crimes since he was a Shichibukai. However, Kizaru says that being the son of Whitebeard is a powerful title and there is very little chance of it being valid. However, it was doubtless that he was an incredibly powerful pirate, reminiscent of Whitebeard in his youth. On an island, Weevil stands before the city he destroyed and the pirates he killed, saying those pirates could never be considered sons of Whitebeard. His mother, Buckin, affirms his statement and tells him that the Whitebeard Pirates were only pretenders; Weevil, as his only blood relative, was his only true son. Buckin announces herself to be the one who stole Whitebeards heart and whips Weevil in the leg, telling him to pull himself together. Buckin pulls out a picture of Whitebeard, which Weevil initially mistakes for a mirror, and she tells him that since they resembled each other so much that they were certainly related by blood. After forgiving her son, Buckin tells him that their next mission was to hunt down the stragglers of the Whitebeard Pirates, starting with Marco. Buckin tells Weevil that Whitebeard should have left a vast inheritance for him, and as Whitebeards only biological son he was the true beneficiary. However, Weevil states his desire to get revenge on Blackbeard for killing his father, but Buckin tells him there would be no monetary profit in that. Buckin then receives a newspaper from a News Coo and gasps in shock. She reveals that Luffy brought down Doflamingo, and Marco and the others protected him during the Whitebeard War. Weevil thinks that Luffy might know Marcos location and decides to get it out of him. One week later, the Going Luffy-senpai sails through a thick fog, and the members of the Barto Club begin to get seasick. The lookout reports to Bartolomeo that he has spotted something that could be a mountain or a monster. The lookout reports that the mass is moving, causing Luffy to get excited and forcing Usopp to restrain him. Law reveals that his Vivre Card was pointing towards the mass, recounting a tale he heard about an island that wards away visitors with fog and ocean currents. The pirates then see Zou and react in shock, getting ready to turn around. However, Law tells them to stay there, as Zou is actually a land resting on the back of a giant elephant. Law says that Log Poses could not lead there since it is moving, and he had never been to the island before, but Sanjis group might have already reached there. Law prepares to disembark and asks Bartolomeo for provisions. Kinemon and Kanjuro are in awe of the island, and Kanjuro recounts tales he heard of a tribe residing there that hates humans, which Law confirms is the Mink Tribe who has not had any contact with humans for over 1000 years. Luffy is shocked to know that this elephant has been alive for that length of time.  