Seventeen days ago the minks reacted in shock to a mammoth appearing as the guard monkey rang the Raid Bell, shouting that pirates have broken through the gate and taken out the guards. The minks told the mammoth that they have never heard of Raizo and asked him to leave. Sheepshead mocked the minks as one of them told the mammoth to state his name, which angered the pirate. Sheepshead told them that the mammoth was Jack the Drought, Kaidous right-hand man and one of three people known as the Calamities. Sheepshead, the Gifters Shinuchi, told the minks to hand over Raizo or forfeit their peaceful existence, but Monjii refused, saying Jack would have to search peacefully. However, Jack responded by swinging his trunk, leveling several buildings. Jack stated that he did not come to talk and once again demanded that Raizo be brought to him. The minks refused yet again, and Jack ordered the Pleasures to lay waste to the country. However, the Pleasures were easily repelled by minks young and old using Electro. Monjii told Jack that every mink was a born warrior and could defend themselves, saying they had powerful warriors and that it would be wiser to talk with the duke. However, Jack refused and sent the Gifters to fight, and the minks were shocked by the Gifters animal-like traits. In the present, Usopp is shocked that the attackers were underlings of Kaidou, and Wanda states that she still does not know how they got onto the island. Luffy is excited to hear about a mammoth, causing Usopp to berate him, and Brook tells his crewmates that the event is why they should not mention the samurai. However, Luffy says that he is sad that the ninja Kinemon mentioned was likely not on the island, shocking and angering his crew. Wanda asks with suspicion if Luffy is privy to something about Wano Country, but Brook denies this as he and the others beat Luffy up. They then reach the dukes sanatorium, and Wanda says they can continue the discussion later. A ruckus is occurring at the sanatorium, with a mink named Shishilian throwing several minks into a bottomless pit. Wanda rushes to him to see what the problem is, and Shishilian states that he threw some minks into the pit because they were talking about sweet things in his presence. The remaining minks apologize to him as Wanda reveals that she has brought the Straw Hat Pirates, causing Shishilian to immediately bow and thank them for saving the country. Shishilian then opens the doors to where Duke Inuarashi waited on his bed, and Inuarashi greeted and thanked the Straw Hats. Luffy commented that the duke looked very strong, but Inuarashi rebuffed this, saying a defeated person could not receive that honor. However, Wanda argues that they had the upper hand until Jack brought a weapon into Mokomo Dukedom, and Chopper reveals to a confused Luffy that Jack used Caesars poison gas weapon to destroy the country.  