During the invasion of the Mokomo Dukedom, Jack turned back into his human form as his underlings cheered him on. Nekomamushi warned the pirate that the Mink Tribe has many accomplished warriors and he should have left when Inuarashi offered. Nekomamushi then told Bepo that he and the Heart Pirates dont have to fight, but Bepo refused because he wanted to protect his home. The Guardians then attacked the Beasts Pirates as Nekomamushi clashed with Jack, and later the Inuarashi Musketeer Squad took over again. In the present, Wanda reveals that the battle continued for five days and five nights, and they were unable to drive Jacks forces back. The minks eventually got the upper hand, but were never able to suppress Jack himself. Luffy expresses amazement that Kaidous right hand man was so powerful, but Wanda reveals that Jack was just as unsuccessful at driving the minks back. However, on the fifth day Jack brought out Caesar Clowns poison gas weapon, and its effects were too rapid for the minks to avoid. The gas swallowed up the entire town and half the forest, and Jack and his underlings went around asking for Raizo again while slaughtering the warriors. Jack then crucified Inuarashi, Nekomamushi, and the countrys strongest warriors so they will tell him where Raizo is, but they all reminded him that they have no idea and begged him to stop as Jack tortured them. However, Jack left the island the next day, leaving some subordinates behind, and Inuarashi reveals that after Jacks obituary was published they realized that Jack had left to save Doflamingo. This meant that the Straw Hats who defeated Doflamingo were responsible for saving them. Chopper then reveals that his group arrived at Zou the next day. The Curly Hat Pirates were astonished when they saw Zou, and decided to go up despite Caesars protests, forcing him to carry them up with his gas powers. However, their expedition was interrupted when Sheepshead chased Tristan. Although confused as to how she could talk, Nami instantly realized that she was Sheepsheads victim and quickly pulled her away to safety. On Namis orders, Brook froze the ground, causing Sheepsheads steed to slip. Tristan was scared when she saw Brook and Momonosukes dragon form, so she broke free of Nami and ran ahead. They then emerge into Kurau City, and look in shock at the carnage there. Suddenly, Pedro calls out to the Curly Hats and begs them to heal Inuarashi and Nekomamushi, as their injuries are fatal and they cannot be allowed to die.  