Ten days ago, the Curly Hat Pirates wandered through the gas-covered terrain of Zou. Caesar Clown chuckled with delight at how powerful the gas was, revealing that it was called Koro and that he invented it. This caused Chopper to beat Caesar up, and the scientist cried that he did not fire the weapon, but Chopper said that no one would have suffered if Koro wasnt invented. Caesar attempted to deter them from rescuing the minks, saying that the species was strong and hated humans. The Eruption Rain then occurred, and Sanji, Chopper, and Caesar pulled themselves onto a branch. Suddenly, Sanji heard Nami screaming, and ordered Caesar to clear away the gas as he went to rescue her. As Sanji defeated Sheepshead and the Beasts Pirates retreated, a saddened Caesar used Roko to purge the Koro from the air. Chopper went to Kurau City and noted that Caesars solution was working as he called his crewmates over. The Curly Hats saw the fallen Mink warriors and were shocked, but also guessed that there were more, and Sanji wondered if Caesar was right about the Minks being violent. Suddenly, Wanda attacked Nami as she questioned whether the pirates were allied with Jack. Sanji and Brook raced to help Nami, but Nami said she was fine as the poison had weakened Wanda. Nami slammed Wanda into the ground, but the mink suddenly held up a bomb, saying she would blow all of them up. An angered Wanda asked Nami what grudge they held against the Mink Tribe and why they were intent on slaughtering everyone. Suddenly, Tristan came and told Wanda that the Beasts Pirates had retreated and that she had been saved by the Curly Hats. Pedro then revealed that they were not affiliated with Jack and that they had purged the gas from the air. Suddenly, Chopper came and shouted at everyone that the gas would become impossible to treat after 48 hours and ordered the minks to round up everyone who is capable of assisting him. Wanda teared up as she realized that the Straw Hats were going to save them, and Nami told her that not a single mink would be abandoned. The Curly Hats eventually succeeded in treating all the minks, and the mood progressively improved as more and more people were healed. In the present, Wanda concludes her story as she licks Nami in thanks for her crews work. Luffy expresses his anger at Jack and says that he would like to beat the pirate up, and Wanda reiterates that she doubts Jack is dead after seeing him fight. Chopper then tells his crew that he is headed to Nekomamushi and the Guardians so he can check up on them, and the Straw Hats and Wanda come along with him. Wanda reveals that she is active at all hours of the day as a Kingsbird, a rulers aide, and Luffy and Brook get excited about meeting Nekomamushi. They ride out into the night along with Carrot, and Wanda expresses relief that the full moon was covered by clouds. Zoro asks Wanda what happened to Sanji and Caesar, as they still did not know that part. However, Brook tells him that most of the minks were not told what happened so they wouldnt worry. Brook says that the event happened only two days ago and told his crewmates that it was very possible that Sanji would not be able to return to them. Even though Zou was a Phantom Island that Log Poses did not point to, the Sunny crew made a grave oversight when they escaped from the Big Mom Pirates. However, the Emperors crew overheard their destination, and one of their members, Pekoms, was a native of the island. And so, the Big Mom Pirates arrived at Zou, as Pekoms and another crew member prepare to go onto the island. Pekoms speaks to his captain over a Den Den Mushi and tells her to leave this to him, because Zou is his homeland.  