Pekoms and Capone Bege arrived at Kurau City after disembarking on Zou. To his shock, Pekoms notices that no one is present, and becomes enraged when he realizes that the city is in ruins. He curses the Straw Hats, believing them to be responsible for the carnage.  In the Right Flank Fortress, Wanda and Nami trade clothes as a sign of friendship; Wanda receives Namis bikini, while Nami receives one of the tribes national treasure dresses. A love-struck Sanji greets all of the female minks (he dismisses the male minks who try to greet him), before spotting Nami in her dress and rushing towards her. Meanwhile, Chopper, Brook and Caesar (poorly disguised as "Cedar") continue producing medicine for the injured minks; Brook asks where Momonosuke is, and Chopper reveals that he was remaining in his room because it seemed to keep him calm. This placates Brook, who was concerned about the minks seeing Momonosuke in his human form.  Outside the Fortress, Pekoms reunites with his family and friends, crying in happiness that they were all alive. The minks also inform him that they were saved by the Straw Hats. Observing the scene from a balcony, Nami and Sanji note Pekoms arrival with surprise, and Wanda reveals that he was a mink tribe member once known for his delinquent behavior. Caesar panics at the arrival of the Big Mom Pirates and begs Sanji not to hand him over. Sanji, however, replies that Caesar is useless to them now that Doflamingo has been defeated, and asks what Caesar did to antagonize Big Mom. The scientist reveals that he was commissioned to conduct research that bore no fruit, but he continued to demand and accept payments anyway. An unsympathetic Sanji tells Caesar that he deserved what was coming, but notes the greater predicament that Luffy had already picked a fight with Big Mom. Eventually, Sanji instructs Brook to accompany him, telling everyone else to remain on the balcony. As the two groups confront each other, Sanji asks what business the Big Mom Pirates have on Zou. Pekoms immediately proceeds to embrace Sanji and thank him for saving his homeland. The mink reveals that, in addition to capturing Caesar, the Big Mom Pirates had received a second order that would spell disaster for the Straw Hat crew. Instead, to demonstrate his gratitude, Pekoms offers to abandon their new mission in exchange for Caesar. A stunned Bege warns Pekoms not put his personal business ahead of their orders, but Pekoms replies that he will personally accept any punishment that Big Mom chooses to mete out. Suddenly, to Sanjis and Brooks shock, Bege shoots Pekoms in the back and declares that he will handle things from now. Then, to their further shock, Bege orders his men to "come out". A small gate opens in the middle of Beges chest and several armed members of the Fire Tank Pirates rush out, surrounding Sanji and Brook at gunpoint. Bege formally introduces himself to Sanji and Brook as a member of the same generation as their captain, as well as a castle man that ate the Shiro Shiro no Mi. Bege then orders Vito to bring forward the captured Nami and Chopper, who apologize and explain that they were unaware that Bege and Pekoms had brought reinforcements. Bege finally calls out to Caesar, threatening to shoot him with Seastone bullets if he did not come down. After Caesar emerges from the trees, Bege reveals that he in fact had no Seastone bullets, only a Seastone spear, which he uses to stab Caesar. With everyone gathered, Bege instructs the Straw Hats to enter his body castle, and Sanji, frustrated at their lack of options, concedes.  Inside the dining room in Beges fortress, Sanji is seated at the table while Caesar and the other Straw Hats are chained up on the floor behind him. Bege then materializes at the table opposite from Sanji, and offers Sanji food and wine; an impatient Sanji refuses, demanding that Bege get on with the meeting. As Caesar continues to panic, Bege hands Sanji a personal invitation from Big Mom, requesting his attendance at her upcoming tea party. The main event at the party will be a wedding ceremony, where Sanji, the third son of the Vinsmoke Family, would be wed to Pudding, the 35th daughter of the Charlotte Family.  