Nami and Chopper are astonished that Sanji is set to be married, and Bege hands the invitation to Sanji. Sanjis cigarette drops onto the ground and begins to smolder, as he asks why this was happening now; Bege responds that he does not know (or care) about Sanjis family issues. Brook recognizes the Vinsmoke name, saying that it gives him chills. Bege notices that the fire caused by Sanjis cigarette is growing, and quickly stomps it out. Sanji asks Bege who was behind his engagement, and Bege replies that it was Sanjis family. Nami recalls that, back in Jaya, Sanji stated that he was born in North Blue; Brook responds (with Nami concurring) that this was significant because one must undertake the atypical journey of crossing the Red Line in order to get from North Blue to East Blue. Caesar further reveals that "Charlotte" is the family name of Big Mom, and that if Sanji marries into the Charlotte Family, the entire Straw Hat crew would become de facto underlings of the Big Mom Pirates. Sanji rejects this suggestion on the spot, refusing to either marry a woman he had never met before, or to jeopardize Luffys dream of becoming Pirate King.  In response, Bege animates the objects within his castle, tying Sanji to his chair with the tablecloth, creating two cannons to point at the Straw Hats, and briefly sinking Nami into the floor. He tells Sanji that he is not offering him a choice, and that no one can escape Big Moms tea parties when invited. Vito affirms this, describing Big Moms invitations as a summons orders. Vito then shares something with Sanji, who becomes angry upon hearing it. Bege reminds everyone present of Big Moms influence as an Emperor, and tells them that the only way to survive in the New World was to obey the Emperors orders. Sanji requests a pen and paper from Bege, who assumes that he intends to write a note for Luffy. Sanji gives the note to Nami, Chopper, and Brook, telling them to give it to Luffy and the others. He tells them that he never intended to hide things from them, as he never expected to have to deal with his past again. Despite their protestations, Sanji resolves to sort out his problems alone, and, after sensing a powerful presence outside, he throws his three crewmates out of Beges fortress. Caesar protests that Sanji did not free him, but soon has bigger problems as Sanji grabs a gun from one of the Fire Tank Pirates and holds the scientist hostage at gunpoint. Sanji tells Bege that he knows the Fire Tank Pirates wouldnt dare harm him because he was being backed by someone powerful - powerful enough to change his bounty condition of capture to "Only Alive", and powerful enough to arrange this wedding. Sanji threatens to shoot Caesar in the head if the Fire Tank Pirates go after the other Straw Hats, and instead agrees to leave Zou with them in order to confront his family. Bege agrees to Sanjis conditions, despite his crews protests, and reveals that an additional problem has arrived.  Outside, a still-injured Nekomamushi looms behind Bege and asks him what happened to Pekoms. Bege lies that he and Pekoms had been attacked by one of Jacks remaining crew members, while the other Straw Hats yell to Sanji through the doorway on Beges chest. Sanji, smiling, tells them that this was his problem and that he would return, before Bege transforms his legs into tank treads and races away. Wanda asks the Straw Hats if the minks should pursue Bege, but Brook instructs her not to as Sanji had no intention of returning. During the commotion, Sanjis note slips out from among Namis chains, and falls onto the ground. The contents of the note are finally revealed; it simply states that he was going to meet a woman, and that he would return.  