Luffy and Nami are shocked at Pekoms revelation that the Vinsmoke Family are a family of killers. Pekoms asks them if they have ever heard of Germa 66, which Nami dismisses as a "mythical evil army". This is corrected by Pekoms, who replies that the organization is not only real, but commanded by the Vinsmokes; Sanjis father is the organizations boss. Nami is shocked at this news, but Luffy declares that he does not understand or care; he only wants to know whether or not Sanji would return after getting married. He also states that he does not want to serve under the Big Mom Pirates, and that if Sanji gets married, the Big Mom Pirates will become his underlings instead. This statement causes Pekoms to fall out of bed in shock, and he angrily reminds Luffy that Big Mom is one of the Four Emperors. As Pekoms gets back in bed, he says that there is no way to refuse Big Moms Tea Party invitations; if Sanji had done so, Big Mom would have sent him the head of someone he had been involved with; it could have been a member of the Straw Hats, one of the chefs on the Baratie, or even someone from Momoiro Island. This angers Luffy, but Pekoms states that the Four Emperors hold so much power that anything they desired is simply fated to happen. However, assures Luffy that the Straw Hats would not become Big Moms subordinates as a result of the marriage, as the wedding was only meant to finalize an alliance between the Charlotte Family and the Vinsmoke Family; thus, when Sanji gets married, he will automatically leave the Straw Hats and join the Big Mom Pirates. This angers Luffy even more, who shakes the lion mink and says that Sanji will certainly refuse the marriage. However, Pekoms is extremely skeptical that he could refuse in front of his vicious family and Big Mom, and still keep his life. Luffy asks Pekoms what he is going to do, and he replies that he will go back once his injuries heal and finish business with Bege. Luffy orders Pekoms to bring him along, shocking Nami, and Luffy tells her that he will go alone in order to have a better chance of sneaking into the party. Despite Pekoms arguments, Luffy runs off to get Chopper. As he heads outside, he runs past Zoro, and asks his crewmate if he heard everything, which Zoro confirms. Luffy laughs that Zoro is worried about Sanji, which annoys Zoro. Brook, Usopp, Chopper, and Robin then head toward Luffy along with Nekomamushi, who is excited to meet the pirate. Chopper tells him to get back in bed, but Nekomamushi ignores him as he hugs Luffy, causing him to start bleeding again. Law then arrives, wanting to know what the ruckus is. Luffy greets him and asks about his crew, and Law says that he brought all 20 members to greet him. However, Luffy and Law then begin discussing business, causing Laws crew to complain, with Law responding that they did not need to mingle with their allies. Inside, Law reacts in shock upon finding out Sanjis predicament. Luffy asks him to stay and keep watch on the fight with Kaidou, but Law reminds him that Kaidou himself would likely find them soon, which would increase the damage on Zou. The minks cry in gratitude at Law thinking about their safety, and Nekomamushi starts a party, which infuriates Chopper. As the pirates and minks party throughout the night, Robin, Franky, and Brook keep watch at Zuneshas hip in order to prevent the samurai from arriving, as the minks would likely not be pleased if they discovered their alliance. The next morning, Kinemon, Kanjuro, and the monkey mink arrive on Zou as the three Straw Hats sleep. The samurai head onto the island, and Kinemon asks the mink what he knew about Raizo. The mink becomes distressed as he denies knowing anything about Raizo, and in tears, he rushes away in order to report the samurais presence.  