Realizing that Kinemon and Kanjuro arrived and went past them, Franky, Robin, and Brook quickly run back to the Mokomo Dukedom, fearing that the minks would not take it very well if they met Raizos comrades since the Beasts Pirates search for him nearly destroyed the country. They hope to stop the samurai when they suddenly hear the ringing of a bell. In the Mokomo Dukedom, the minks hear Bariete ringing the bell and calling out that samurai have arrived. At the Right Belly Fortress, Inuarashi rides on a crocodile-boar steed and tells everyone who can move to head for the capital. Meanwhile, Kinemon and Kanjuro walk through the forest and, upon hearing the bell ringing, wonder if they are being welcomed. However, Kinemon wonders if the minks were the human-hating tribe Law mentioned, and Momonosuke suddenly calls out to them. Momonosuke is glad that Kanjuro is all right, and Kanjuro asks him where Luffy and the others are, but Momonosuke tells them how he spent most of the time in his room. At the Whale Forest, the other Straw Hats run to intercept the samurai. Nami tells a confused Luffy that the country is in uproar due to the samurais presence, and Luffy thinks this means another banquet will be held, to her chagrin. Nami says that Nekomamushi is leading an entire army to search for the samurai, and Nekomamushi and the Guardians arrive at Kurau City. Pedro surveys from the top of a building when he sees something that shocks him, and he tells Nekomamushi that it would be best to retreat temporarily. However, Nekomamushi cannot hear him, and when he turns the corner he comes face to face with Inuarashi. As the two approach each other, their subjects attempt to turn them away, and the samurai look on and wonder what is happening. Suddenly, the Straw Hats come racing up to them and knock them behind a piece of rubble. Relieved that they made it just in time, Nami tells the samurai to head back to the Thousand Sunny. Inuarashi and Nekomamushi begin exchanging insults on each others severed limbs, with Inuarashi remembering how Jack threatened to cut off his leg if he did not reveal Raizos location, and Nekomamushi shouted in anger at Jacks cowardice. He began shaking his chains, and the Beasts Pirates shouted to remove the use of his arms, causing Nekomamushi to tell them to use all their spears on him instead of the people. In the present, the argument becomes more heated as the rulers decide to fight to the death, and they clash weapons. Suddenly, Kinemon shouts at them to stop, which shocks Usopp. The minks recognize Kinemon as a samurai as he steps out into the open, with Usopp desperately telling him to run. Kanjuro and Momonosuke emerge as the Straw Hats beg them to stop, and Kinemon announces himself as the retainer of the Kozuki Family of Wano Country and reveals that they were searching for Raizo. Suddenly, all the minks including the two rulers kneel and put their heads down as they reveal that Raizo is safe. The Straw Hats are astonished that the minks know about Raizo, and Usopp expresses his amazement that the minks could have died to keep their lie to Jack. Nekomamushi asks the Straw Hats to forgive them for keeping it a secret, as they had been friends with the Kozuki Family for a very long time, and would have never given them over even if it meant their demise.  