On top of the whale-shaped tree, Luffy, Usopp, and Chopper surround Raizo in astonishment at his abilities, but the ninja says that he showed his ninja arts accidentally. Raizo, Kinemon, and Kanjuro begin crying, and Chopper asks them why. They express their sadness at the devastation Zou went through, and Raizo promises to fix everything himself. Nekomamushi then approaches them and says that Robins translation of the red poneglyph was almost finished. Inside the tree, Nami stares at a piece of paper in shock, noting that the poneglyphs message looks like a map. Inuarashi then reveals that this poneglyph is called a Road Poneglyph, and it is a guide to the end of the Grand Line. The Straw Hats are astonished that this poneglyph can lead them to Laugh Tale, but Inuarashi backtracks, revealing that there are four Road Poneglyphs. He states that each poneglyph does not lead to Laugh Tale, but rather to an island surrounding it. When all four islands are found and linked, the way to Laugh Tale will be shown. The Straw Hats begin celebrating, and Luffy is excited that he has his first clue to One Pieces location but says that he will rescue Sanji first. Nekomamushi tells him that it would be possible, as Big Mom and Kaidou each possess a Road Poneglyph while the final one is in an unknown location. This scares Nami, Chopper, Usopp, and Brook, but Luffy does not care because he has always intended to defeat the two of the Four Emperors. Nekomamushi says that they do not have to steal the actual poneglyph, but can copy its message onto a gyotaku. Usopp suggests they simply sneak in and make copies, which gets him and Luffy in a fight, and Nekomamushi tells Robin that powerful pirates who are collecting the poneglyph messages will likely go after her because she is the only one who can read them. However, she replies that she has equally powerful crewmates, which they gladly affirm. Robin asks Nekomamushi how they knew so much about poneglyphs, and the ruler says that Kozuki Oden had an interest in the stones. He then asks Inuarashi and Momonosuke if it was all right to tell them, and Momonosuke gives him permission. Nekomamushi states that the Kozuki Family are master craftsmen who invented the poneglyph 800 years ago, which shocks the Straw Hats. Luffy asks the samurai if they know what is written on the poneglyphs, but they say that it was never passed on from the generation that created them. Instead, the means to write and read the glyphs carved into the poneglyphs was passed on, but that the skill ended at Odens generation. Brook then realizes that Oden is dead, and the samurai and rulers begin welling up in tears as they reveal that Oden was executed by Kaidou and the shogun of Wano Country. They say that Oden sacrificed himself to save them and that the Beasts Pirates currently occupy Wano Country. Zoro asks why he was executed, and Kinemon reveals that Kaidou wanted information on them because Oden traveled to Laugh Tale with Gol D. Roger and witnessed a big secret.  