After the revelation of the fact that Kozuki Oden was a crew member of the late pirate king Gol D. Roger, it becomes clear to the Straw Hats that Kaidou and the shogun of Wano Country are after Momonosuke and his guardians because they believe that Oden passed down the knowledge of Laugh Tale to the next generation. However, this is not the case as Oden did not wish to pass down the great burden. Kinemon, Kanjuro, and Raizo reveal their intentions to take back Wano Country and open the borders of the country. They disclose that they wish to kill Kaidou and the shogun with the minks help. Furthermore, they go on to acknowledge the power of Luffy and Law and request the Straw Hat Pirates to help them. However, Luffy blatantly refuses, to everyones surprise. Then he proceeds to ask Momonosuke to speak for himself, as he is the heir to the daimyo and leader of the three samurai, even chastising him for crying. Remembering how Kaidou killed his father and mother, Momonosuke states his desire to take down Kaidou and asks the Straw Hats for help. Luffy accepts his request and forms an alliance with the minks and the samurai to take down the Emperor Kaidou and the shogun. He promises Momonosuke that he will beat Kaidou for him, but states that he wants to get Sanji back first as his strength can be of great help during the fight. Luffy finally decides to go to Whole Cake Island along with Pekoms in order to get Sanji back. The mink rulers seem worried at the thought of confronting an Emperor, but Luffy immediately reassures them by saying that it will be safe considering the fact that he will not be fighting Big Mom. Meanwhile, the minks prepare to throw a party to celebrate the truce between Inuarashi and Nekomamushi. Wanda, Pedro, and Carrot reminisce about the days when the two were friends. However, Jack and his crew return to Zou. Jack is greatly disappointed by the fact that he had to return to Zou, as his subordinates could not finish the task. His subordinates suggest ambushing the minks who survived the first attack. Jack quickly dismisses the idea, intending to kill the elephant itself.  