The ground shakes and houses begin to collapse. People run to avoid being crushed as Inuarashi commands everyone to keep away from the buildings and hold tightly to the trees. Nekomamushi realizes that something is wrong with Zunesha. Luffy and Momonosuke are plagued by a voice calling out to them that only they can hear. Luffy doesnt understand why no one else can hear this voice and proceeds to asks the voice who it is as it tells him to hurry.  Jack, who is bombarding Zunesha with cannon fire from the water, orders his men to keep hitting the same spot on the elephants left front leg. The crew cheers when they see their attacks have an effect, and Jack proclaims that even a regular elephant will stampede at the sight of a lone bee. Jack assumes that due to Zuneshas advanced age, its skin would be much weaker now. Jack calls the elephant an old relic as the cannons keep firing, their objective being to bring the elephant to its knees to allow easier access to its head. At which point they would kill it in what everway they see fit. Zunesha begs whoever can hear its voice to issue a command. Luffy cries out in frustrated confusion, demanding to know who is telling him this as well as what it means. Nami asks Luffy at whom he is yelling, since no one else can hear any voice. An annoyed Luffy declares that all he can do is hear the voice, for its unknown owner does not listen. Pedro recalls that Roger and Oden said the same things as Luffy when they visited Zou. They could only hear but not converse with a disembodied voice. Momonosuke then has a vision, and sees Jack attacking Zunesha. He quickly tells everyone what he saw as well as their location and numbers. Everyone is surprised by Momonosukes declaration as well as the fact that Jack survived his skirmish with the Marines. Kinemon asks how Momonosuke knew this, and the frightened child simply says they came into his head. Zunesha warns everyone of the danger they would be in if the pain from the attack caused it to fall. Inuarashi orders the countrys ships be deployed, with the intent to fight Jack at sea. Momonosuke then realizes that the voice he is hearing is Zuneshas. He begins relaying the story Zunesha tells him. Long ago, Zunesha committed a crime. As punishment, it was not allowed to do anything except walking and could only act when given an order. Zunesha is now asking for an order, an order to fight the attacking enemy. Luffy tells Momonosuke to give the order, saying if he doesnt, they will all end up at the bottom of the sea, telling him to scream as loud as he can. Momonosuke tells Zunesha not to give up, and gives the order to retaliate against Jack. Zunesha slams its leg back in the water, stating it understood, and with a single swing of its trunk, Zunesha annihilates the attacking ships. The ships are knocked to splinters and crash into the sea as Jack and his crew are sent flying.  From his lookout, Bariete observed the fleets complete annihilation. After a few moments, the mood returns to calm as people try to figure out what happened to the attacking fleet as Momonosuke observes that he can no longer hear the voice. Bariete then relays what he saw through his telescope to the rest of the village. Inuarashi is stunned by the fact that Zunesha possessed a will of its own. With Momonosuke asleep on Robins lap, Kinemon takes the opportunity to ask if Oden knew about his sons ability to hear voices. Luffy breaks the stillness by asking why everyone seemed down. Nekomamushi decides they need to figure out how Jack was able to find Zou, otherwise the people could be susceptible to another attack. Luffy gives him some encouragement and points out how great it is to have the elephant on their side. Luffy then declares they are leaving and asks for lots of food. On an island in the New World, a Den Den Mushi rings. When it is answered, Scratchmen Apoo informs Kaidou that communication with Jack is no longer available.  