Chopper and the minks finish bandaging the wounds on Zuneshas front left leg, and Miyagi expresses awe at the techniques Chopper learned from the Sakura Kingdom and Torino Kingdom. Chopper notes that changing the bandages will be very laborious, but the minks are up to the tasks. Miyagi then comments that he had taken Zou for granted due to living there all his life, but was reminded today that he and the minks were being allowed to live on Zunesha and one day this arrangement will end. Since he now knows that Zunesha can communicate, Miyagi states that he wants to ask it where it is going. At Kurau City, Momonosuke tells Kinemon that he wants to stay behind on Zou in order to communicate with Zunesha and possibly find out more about the Kozuki Family. Kinemon understands this, but says that there are some on Wano Country awaiting their return. However, Inuarashi tells him that he would stay behind with Momonosuke in order to keep Zou safe from Kaidou and to avoid having everyone rush into Wano. Kinemon states that they will split into four teams: Luffys team rescuing Sanji, Kinemons team heading to Wano, Nekomamushis team searching for Marco, and Momonosukes and Inuarashis team staying on Zou. They discuss how the teams would communicate, as the Mink Tribe did not use Den Den Mushis. However, Franky replies that he can make some using wild forest snails if necessary. On the outskirts of the Whale Forest residential district, Luffy screams in shock when he sees Pekoms house destroyed. However Pekoms calls out to Luffy from the rubble, with his turtle shell activated. Pekoms complains that he cannot get any alone time as he turns back into his normal form, revealing to Luffy that he ate the Kame Kame no Mi and that his shell is as hard as a diamond. Luffy replies that Chopper will be caring for him on their journey and wraps the mink around his body with a cloth, running off to begin their journey despite Pekoms protests. Meanwhile, Pedro reports to Nekomamushi, saying that it is dishonorable that no mink, save Pekoms, is included in the Sanji rescue mission. Nekomamushi asks if Pedro wants to go too, which he affirms. However, Shishilian and the Three Inuarashi Musketeers arrive, saying that it was their duty to see to Sanjis rescue. Wanda, Tristan, Blackback, Roddy, and Yomo attempt to tag along as well for various reasons, and several other canine minks want to come along just to chew on Brook. However, Nekomamushi states that he was leaving this to Pedro since he was the only one who can keep Pekoms in line. Elsewhere, Usopp gives Nami an upgraded Clima-Tact which, upon being squeezed, grows significantly due to Usopp using the Pop Greens growth capabilities. Nami is concerned about its length, but Usopp reveals that this can be altered depending on how hard Nami squeezes the staff. He made sure to include all of Namis weatherian devices, save for a "magic wand" that he could not wrap his head around. Nami tests its capabilities, scaring the nearby minks, and thanks Usopp for making it. However, as Usopp tries to collect a fee for doing so, Nami turns herself invisible. At the main gate, the Sanji retrieval team congregates and says their goodbyes to the others on Zou. Pekoms wonders why Pedro is there, to which the latter replies that he was coming as someone familiar with the formers tendencies. Zoro expresses concern for what could happen, but Luffy laughs it off as the people on Zou say their goodbyes, with Zoro promising to round up the samurai on Wano and Franky promising to build something new to fight Kaidou. Kanjuro offers to help with the descent, but is declined as Luffy grabs all his companions and leaps off the elephant, shocking everyone. As they fall, Luffy says he will see everyone else in Wano. Meanwhile, in Arabasta, Nefertari Vivi tells her father to hurry onto the ship, and someone notices that she is in a very good mood. Vivi states that it has been so long since she went out to sea.  