Pedro shows the rest of the Sanji Retrieval Team the newspaper that explains the destruction of Baltigo. Luffy notices Sabos picture and reveals to the crew that Sabo is his other brother. Nami and Brook are shocked to learn about Sabo and Nami questions Luffy about why are all of his siblings are such dangerous people. Meanwhile, Luffy sees a picture of Dragon as Nami recalls Garp stating Dragon was Luffys father. Luffy is comically surprised as he realizes this man is his father while Nami asks how he just figured that out. Luffy casually states that his father does not resemble him at all as Carrot is even more surprised at the fact that Dragon is Luffys father. Luffy however, is more curious about Sabos fate. Reading the newspaper reveals that the Marines and the Cipher Pol were intimated by an unidentified individual but by the time they arrived at the scene the Blackbeard Pirates had destroyed the place. Luffy is enraged remembering Blackbeards actions while Nami is confused why the Blackbeards would do such a thing. Luffy speculates that Sabos fight with Burgess might have something to do with the attack. The fate of the revolutionaries seems to be at large as there is not much information with respect to what happened to them. Pedro reassures the crew that Dragon and Sabo might not be harmed as that would have been a big news stating they must be safe, relieving Luffy. Meanwhile, Chopper alerts the crew about a fire due to a stove Luffy forgot to switch off. As the group panics, a storm approaches. Back at Zou, Bariete informed Wanda that Carrot snuck away with the Sanji retrieval team and apologized for getting bribed by Carrot and not informing her about Carrots departure. Wanda shows no worry, having faith in Luffy and his group. She then asks Inuarashi, who is keeping watch, to rest and says that they can post guards. Inuarashi is concerned about how the Beasts Pirates located Zou and suspects that they had a vivre card that led them to the island. While hoping that they lost the means to track Zou after Jacks fleet sank, Inuarashi is worried that they might return. Immobilized underwater, Jack is extremely angry and waiting to be rescued. In his hideout, a drunk Kaidou has been informed about Jacks failure to rescue Doflamingo and is shown crying in front of his subordinates, telling them about how his dream for an all devil fruit crew has been destroyed since he cannot acquire any more SMILEs and increase the number of Gifters. Immediately, his emotions swing to anger and he screams about how Law and Luffy dont know who theyve messed with. Eustass Kid is shown imprisoned in a cell, beaten and injured. Back at the Sunny, the storm has passed and Luffy presents his cooking to his group, who finds his food completely inedible. Nami then finds that they lost all of their food supply. Much to their horror, Luffy has wasted all their supplies in one go. On the way to Whole Cake Island, Sanji is seen with Tamago on Big Moms ship, who suggests he join Big Mom, like his father wants him, and says Sanji can easily gain Big Moms favor with his cooking. Sanji declares that he broke all ties with his family and bluntly states that his hands wont cook for people with no respect for their own crew members, referring to the Pekoms incident. He further declares that he trained in hell only for his friends. Finally, Vito comes with a photo of Pudding, which just came from Whole Cake Island. Understanding of Sanjis defiance, Vito decides to show Sanji the photo as a courtesy. Sanji then gazed at the photo and sees that Pudding is beautiful, making him love struck.  