The hooded man on the Germa 66 ship asks the Straw Hat Pirates why they have entered Big Moms territory. On board the Thousand Sunny, the Sanji Retrieval Team hurriedly furls the sails to avoid crashing into Germas much larger ship. The onlooking Germa 66 soldiers remark to the hooded figure that Sanji was not supposed to be escorted on the Straw Hats ship, and the hooded man agrees that they must have missed him. The Sanji Retrieval Team, believing the hooded man to be Sanji, begin cheering and calling out to him; Chopper also begs him to bring some antidote for the poisoned Luffy. However, the man removes his hood and reveals that he is not Sanji, but Vinsmoke Yonji (although he understands their mistake). The Straw Hats realize that he must be Sanjis younger brother, and, as if to confirm their relationship, Yonji immediately becomes lovestruck upon seeing Nami. Despite this, Yonji orders the ship to turn around, but Chopper continues to call him Sanji, annoying him greatly. Chopper begs Yonji for an antidote to Luffys poison, but Yonji instead challenges the team to plunder the Germa 66 ship for the cure. The Straw Hats are angered that his personality is nothing like Sanjis, and Pedro prepares to attack. Suddenly, a woman comes up behind Yonji and kicks him off the ship, before jumping off the ship herself and landing aboard the Sunnys deck. The woman, Vinsmoke Reiju, greets the Straw Hats and apologizes for her brothers behavior. Yonji leaps out of the water and expresses anger at his sister for embarrassing him, but Reiju counters that he was shaming himself. Brook notices that Yonji is hovering in midair, and Pekoms reveals that the reason why Big Mom is so keen on an alliance with the Vinsmoke Family is to gain access to Germa 66s advanced technology. Brook expresses confusion at this, revealing his understanding that "Vinsmoke" was the name of a line of royals which once ruled over the entire North Blue with their military might. Nami expresses great shock at their infamy; however, Yonji, overhearing, confirms this and states that their name was once synonymous with evil, which is why they appear as the villains in the Sora comic. Reiju commends Brook for his history knowledge, but corrects him by stating that the Vinsmoke Family is still of noble status despite no longer ruling any land, and that this status is recognized by their right to attend Levely. Reiju spots the dying Luffy and discerns that he ate an armored stonefish from the Boiling Sea. Chopper becomes upset over his failure to heal Luffy, but Reiju says that Luffy is in luck, as this poison is her favorite delicacy. She then places her mouth over Luffys and sucks out the poison (much to Brooks envy), and the Straw Hats observe that the rash is being transferred from Luffy to Reiju, until Luffys skin gets fully cleared. An astonished Chopper asks Reiju if she is all right, to which Reiju responds dismissively that she is the "Poison Pink". Luffy immediately wakes up and is embraced by the crying Chopper and Carrot, although he has no memory of his ordeal and asks to eat more of the fish skin. Luffy then notices Reiju and mistakes her for Sanji, but is corrected by Chopper and told by Brook that she saved his life. Reiju thanks the Straw Hats for everything they had done for Sanji up to this point, revealing that he left their family at a very young age and that their father had been searching for him ever since. She also reveals that, when Sanjis first bounty poster began circulating, their father sent Marine HQ to apprehend him; however, due to the poor depiction of Sanji, the Marines ended up chasing after Duval instead. Two years later, when the Marines managed to finally capture an accurate picture of Sanji, their father personally raised his bounty and ordered the change of bounty condition to "Only Alive". Nami asks where Sanji is, but Reiju responds that she does not know; Luffy then proceeds to thank Reiju for saving him, but demands that she give Sanji back to them. Yonji tells a smiling Reiju that she has saved an enemy, before asking Pekoms why he was hanging around with the Straw Hats. Pekoms states that he has his own reasons, and that he was not obligated to reveal them to Germa, and Reiju leaps back on board the Germa 66 ship. The two Vinsmokes warn the Straw Hats that both parties should keep quiet over their meeting, to prevent an incident which would jeopardize the wedding. Reiju and Yonji then sail away, with Reiju wishing the Straw Hats luck. Meanwhile, Aladine surveys the scene from underwater, informing Jinbe that Luffy is indeed on board, and requesting further orders.  