Luffy and the Sanji Retrieval Team are shocked to discover that Pudding is not only one of Big Moms daughters, but the daughter that has been engaged to marry Sanji. Pudding, in turn, is equally shocked that the guests she had invited for tea were Sanjis crewmates. She asks them how they managed to get past Totto Lands tarte inspection, before warning them that they will be killed if Big Mom discovers their presence. However, she remembers that the Straw Hats are also famed pirates, and retrieves a knife to defend herself; Pedro, in turn, threatens Pudding, until Nami defuses the situation. The group discuss the situation over tea. Pudding reveals that the Charlotte Family is comprised of 129 people (Big Mom, her 43 husbands, 39 daughters and 46 sons), and that Big Moms children have all been raised to understand that she will arrange their marriages to grow the strength of her crew. However, one of Puddings sisters left Whole Cake Island to pursue a marriage for love, which attracts Namis attention.  Chopper proceeds to ask Pudding if she had met Sanji yet. Pudding is flustered by the question and blushes, responding that she had met him once. She remarks on his gentlemanly mannerisms, his reputed strength, and their shared passion for cooking; however, Chopper has to correct her misconception that Sanjis epithet, "Black Leg", meant his legs were black. Luffy responds enthusiastically to Puddings admiration for Sanji, but when Nami asks Pudding if she has fallen in love with Sanji, she becomes even more flustered and responds that it is irrelevant because Big Moms commands are mandatory. When Pedro suggests binding and gagging Pudding to prevent her from revealing their presence in Totto Land, Pudding draws a map for the Sanji Retrieval Team, revealing a secret route through Totto Land that would allow them to arrive onto Whole Cake Island undetected. She reflects that, despite everyones excitement at the upcoming wedding, and despite her own happiness at finding Sanji so wonderful and compatible, she did not want to stand in the way of his intention to return to the crew. The crew express great shock at the fact that Sanji turned down a woman - Luffy is so moved that he even cries - but Pudding replies that seeing the crews mutual commitment to Sanji helped her to decide that she did not want to marry someone who would spend the rest of his life regretting the marriage. She arranges to bring Sanji to rendezvous with the retrieval team on the southwestern coast of Whole Cake Island, but warns them that Big Mom will never willingly let Sanji go. When someone comes knocking on the door, Pudding helps the team sneak out. After purchasing some supplies, they return to the Thousand Sunny, only to find Pekoms missing and a warning to "turn back" scrawled in the bathroom. Unfazed, Luffy declares that things have finally gotten interesting, and that they will continue ahead.  Elsewhere, on Broc Coli Island, Germa 66, led by the first two sons of the Vinsmoke Family, are shown bringing an end to its two-year civil war after four hours. Angry that the Germa has taken everything from him, an opposing soldier attempts to shoot the eldest Vinsmoke son while his back is turned. However, he orders a Germa agent to take the bullet. He then twists the soldiers gun so that it points at the soldiers head, remarking that he has no concern for the soldiers family or the war, and that the war was going to make him late for Sanjis wedding. The Vinsmoke then executes the soldier. Meanwhile, the second Vinsmoke son retrieves the compensation paid by the victorious side to Germa for its assistance in defeating their enemies. The two Vinsmokes then contact an unseen individual via Den Den Mushi and learn that Sanji has already arrived on Whole Cake Island. The elder Vinsmoke comments that he cannot wait to see Sanji again, but is called out as a liar by the other. They promise to arrive on Whole Cake Island on the day before the wedding. The two Vinsmoke brothers are finally shown standing atop a building and surveying their destruction of the city, as Germa 66 is hailed by the populace it had saved.  