In the Seducing Woods on Whole Cake Island, the living wildlife whisper among themselves, wondering if the Sanji Retrieval Team has noticed them and saying that "Madam Brûlée" is playing with the pirates. Meanwhile, Nami, Chopper, and Carrot run from the crane-riding rabbit Randolph, whom Carrot says is not a mink despite its appearance. Randolph spins its spear over its head, and Carrot flips back toward it as she attacks it with Electro. Carrot notes that Randolph cannot use Electro, proving it is not a mink, and Nami tells Carrot not to get separated from them. Carrot electrocutes the crane with Electro as she runs back to Nami and Chopper, and Randolph leaps off its downed steed. Randolph hurls its spear at the pirates, and they dodge it as they run into the buried giant again; the spear ends up stabbing the giant in the back of the head. Chopper remarks that the giant makes a good landmark, meaning that they are getting closer to Luffy. When they relocate Luffy, who is still fighting his reflection, Nami tells him that they need to head back to the coast. Luffy agrees to go back with them as he and his reflection run in opposite directions. The Sanji Retrieval Team approaches the damaged donut bridge, but one of the Luffys suddenly calls out to the rest of the team; the other Luffy, the one with the team, immediately clamps his mouth shut. The Luffy with the team wonders where Sanji is, but Nami replies that they are not sure that the person they saw was really Sanji. Suddenly, the Sanji Retrieval Team runs into the buried giant again, which shocks and confuses both the team and the giant. They decide to turn around and go back over the river, but end up face-to-face once more with the giant. Nami tries to understand how they are looping back continuously to the same spot, when she suddenly sees the living flora in front of her moving around. Nami realizes that there was never a path back to the coast to begin with, and everything in the forest starts coming to life around them. "Luffys" expression changes as he tells Nami what the Seducing Woods really are; he then transforms into Charlotte Brûlée, the 8th daughter of the Charlotte Family, and grabs Nami. Brûlée remarks that Namis and Carrots beautiful faces make her want to slice them up with her fingernails. Meanwhile, in Lake Aprico beside Whole Cake Chateau, a Germa 66 ship sails into the port. The single ship then converges with a much larger platform suspended above other interlocked ships; collectively, the country on the platform is introduced as the Germa Kingdom, the country ruled by the Vinsmoke Family and the only maritime country in the world. The vast majority of the kingdoms citizens are shown to be male Germa 66 soldiers, who train constantly every day. From the balcony of the Kingdoms royal castle, a pensive Sanji looks down at the training soldiers before turning to his elder sister, Reiju, and asking her how long she intends to sit in his room. Reiju responds that they have not seen each other in 13 years, and yet he still gives her the cold shoulder. Sanji replies irritably that he made it clear that he wanted nothing to do with their family anymore, and expresses distaste at the familys choice of interior decoration: a large picture on the wall that showed their father standing over four decapitated kings. Reiju explains that the picture was taken during the Conquest of Four Nations, which showcased their fathers dream of regaining the familys ancestral dominion over the entire North Blue. Reiju questions Sanji as to why he would want to forsake his royal status and live a mundane pirating life, telling him that he could live a life of luxury and be served by his own personal maids. Reiju continues, stating that Sanji would have access to the wealth, power and devoted soldiers gained from their familys generations of strength, but Sanji reiterates once more that he has no intention of marrying Charlotte Pudding. As they converse, a voice from outside the room calls to the "commander", who responds that he is heading to Sanjis room. Suddenly, the Vinsmoke patriarch, Vinsmoke Judge, enters the room and is greeted by Reiju. Judge asks Sanji if he is intent on giving him a hard time, but Sanji retorts by calling him a "bastard" and refusing to acknowledge Judge as his father. Judge asks if Sanji did something to Yonji, despite Yonjis formidable strength, and Sanji simply replies that he must just be stronger. Judge then calls on Sanji to step outside, and to settle their quarrel using physical force.  