Cracker announces himself to Luffy as the "Biscuit Knight", and his sword as "Pretzel"; Cracker further proclaims that Pretzel has no equal among swords. An on-looking Nami is shocked that Crackers limbs, and even Pretzel, have multiplied, and warns Luffy to fall back since Cracker was likely an executive member of the Big Mom Pirates. Luffy refuses, however, and charges at Cracker, hitting him with an Elephant Gun attack that Cracker easily blocks with his shields. Cracker then repels Luffy and assaults him with his multiplied Pretzels, which overwhelm Luffy as he struggles to counter them. Cracker then drives a Busoshoku Haki-imbued Pretzel into Luffys abdomen, sending Luffy flying far away despite Luffy also coating himself in Haki. As she continues to watch on, Nami realizes that they are truly in over their heads if Luffy cannot even defeat one of Big Moms underlings. She calls on Luffy to run, but is blocked by Brûlée and Kingbaum. Brûlée laughs at their helplessness, saying that, like the other Worst Generation crews that entered the New World seeking to make their captains Pirate King, the Straw Hats will hit the same wall and stumble. Brûlée further reveals that, during the past two years, Eustass Kid, Scratchmen Apoo, Capone Bege, and Urouge had all entered Big Moms territory, but aside from Bege (who subordinated himself to them), they were all chased away without even encountering Big Mom herself. Brûlée throws a mirror down at Namis feet and appears inside it, saying that Urouge alone managed to defeat one of their previously Four Commanders. However, an enraged Big Mom then sent Cracker to deal with him, leaving Brûlée confident that Urouges corpse is lying somewhere in the Woods. Brûlée mocks the mere thought of the Straw Hats being able to stand up to Big Mom and ruin her plans, emerging from her mirror and grabbing Nami by the ankles. She reiterates that they, too, will perish without even seeing Big Moms face. As Brûlée drags Nami into her mirror, Nami calls for Pound, who throws a wild punch at Brûlée. Brûlée dodges it, but is forced to release Nami, and she warns her stepfather that his actions now qualify as irredeemable rebellion against Big Mom. Nami then strikes Brûlée with Thunderbolt Tempo, sending her crashing to the ground and frightening the nearby homies. Pound warns that Brûlée will definitely return, as she can appear in any mirror, and Nami apologizes for dragging him into the conflict. However, Pound replies that it was settled since Big Mom authorized her subordinates to kill him at their leisure. He then asks Nami if she is really friends with Lola, which she confirms. Nami then withdraws Big Moms Vivre Card, saying that she is eager to put it to good use. The homies start running away from the pirates, screaming that this was more than they bargained for; however, Cracker repeats his orders to not let them leave the Seducing Woods alive. Luffy attacks Cracker with Hawk Gatling, but Cracker easily blocks it with his Haki-imbued shields, and Luffy remarks that Crackers Haki is the hardest that hes ever come across. Cracker then slams Luffy into the ground, telling Luffy that, if he truly considers himself Sanjis friend, he will leave Sanji be to get married and live the luxurious life of a royal. Cracker draws closer to Luffy as he berates him for his selfishness, stating that Sanji would not appreciate being pursued by his former pirate crew, and that even if Luffy did manage to get past Cracker, Sanji would simply tell the "lowly pirates" to leave. Luffy, enraged by these taunts, activates Gear 4 and blows Cracker away with Kong Gun; Luffy warns him not to put words into Sanjis mouth, saying that, whatever Sanjis feelings on the marriage, he would never speak to the crew in that way.  