Cracker is sent flying through his Biscuit Soldiers and several tree homies as he flies into Sweet City, crashing through a tower and causing the nearby citizens to run in fear. In the Whole Cake Chateau, a servant reports to Big Mom that two of the Three Sweet Commanders, Smoothie and Katakuri have reported in, and Big Mom wonders what is taking Cracker so long. Cracker crashes into the edge of the Chateau, and his siblings Charlotte Mont-dOr, Charlotte Galette, and Charlotte Opera stare at him in shock. They realize that this was likely Luffys doing, and declare a state of emergency and lockdown in Sweet City. Meanwhile, Pound emerges from his hiding spot and apologizes to Luffy for not having faith in him, having been convinced that he had no hope of victory. Nami tells him not to speak his mind all the time, and Luffy starts shrinking as he reveals that Gear 4 burns a lot of calories. Nami rejoices that they actually beat a Four Emperors commander, but gets annoyed at Pound for not joining in her celebration. Kingbaum reflects that he actually went against Big Mom due to her Vivre Card, which her children were forbidden from carrying around just for this reason, and he wonders in anger how Nami managed to get one as she admires it more. However, Pound tells the pirates that they are in a very precarious position, as when Sweet Commander Snack was defeated, Cracker sent a fleet out to sea to take revenge, and Big Mom created a storm that manifested her rage, which allowed them to swiftly defeat the enemy. Pound reveals that Big Mom can control the weather by summoning the thunder cloud Zeus on her left hand and the sun Prometheus on her right. Nothing can stop her once she has reached that point, and so Pound begs the pirates to leave before Big Mom finds them. Luffy and Nami reflect on Sanjis departure and the steps they took to reach him, and Nami realizes that Sanji was supposed to head for the Whole Cake Chateau today; thus, they need to stop him from going inside. Luffy tells Kingbaum to take him to the Chateau. As the Germa Kingdom carriage travels to the Whole Cake Chateau, the people around it wonder about the commotion going on in Sweet City. Meanwhile, Luffy and Nami ride Kingbaum out of the Seducing Woods, with Nami contacting Chopper through a mirror shard. Chopper tries to assure Nami, but keeps screaming and getting cut off, though he also says that Nami could not help them regardless. Carrot then attempts to reassure Nami as well, but also screams as the shard is shattered and the connection is cut off. Meanwhile, Luffy lies asleep as he continues shrinking, and he starts craving for meat. Baum then tells Nami that they are approaching Germa 66, and a servant reports to Judge that an unidentified object is heading toward them. Luffy leaps off of Baum and runs toward Sanji, shocking him and Yonji, and Nami calls out to Sanji as well, causing Yonji, Niji, and Ichiji to become lovestruck. Luffy leaps onto the carriage, causing it to tilt, and the Germa 66 guards order him away at once. Luffy prepares to rescue Sanji, but Sanji grows tense as he remembers the sheer power of their opponents and the threats made to both his crew and Zeff. He then kicks Luffy out of the carriage, shocking Nami, and he tells his crewmates to leave, calling them filthy and lowly sea thugs. Sanji says that his name is Vinsmoke Sanji and that he has embraced his life as a prince, not having told them due to not wanting to make them feel inferior. He says that he has chosen the obviously better option of marrying Pudding and tells them to leave, saying he does not even remember Luffys name. However, Luffy does not believe any of Sanjis words, and Yonji tries to step in, but Sanji holds him back as he prepares to teach Luffy a lesson himself.  