Still shocked at Sanjis words, Luffy asks Sanji to clarify what he means. Sanji states that he wants them to leave. He thanks them for their efforts to reach him, but says that their efforts are futile, as his family eagerly watches on. Sanji continues by comparing the size and wealth of Big Moms crew to the Straw Hats, saying that it should be obvious which is the better choice for him. He voices that hes always doubted that someone like Luffy could become Pirate King, prompting Nami to tell him hes gone too far. When he responds by simply glaring at them, Nami is speechless, and Luffy asks the cook if their time together up until now has all been a lie. Sanji replies that it took them long enough to figure it out, and that it has been embarrassing being associated with them. He decides he needs to literally beat the truth into Luffy and prepares Diable Jambe, astonishing the onlooking Germa soldiers at the display of flames.  Realizing hes serious, Luffy braces himself as Sanji launches toward him. He lands a "Joue Shot" directly to Luffys face, sending him flying away and causing him to lose a tooth. Luffy quickly recovers in mid-air, and lands on his feet to Sanjis surprise. Sanji again tells them to leave, and Luffy responds that he refuses to fight his cook. Sanji in turn tells him to just get out of his sight, which Luffy also refuses, earning him another kick to the face. Again Luffy quickly recovers, and gets back to his feet. As he rises, Sanji has a flashback of the moment Luffy first asked him to join the crew. Nami screams for Sanji to stop, explaining that they have only gone through all of this in order to bring him back, including fighting of the Big Moms commanders all night. Luffy silences her however, saying that hes fine with whatever happens in this moment. Sanji questions this as he resumes his Diable Jambe-powered assault on Luffy, while the latter continues to not fight back. Luffy remains on his feet despite the blows, to Namis horror. Sanji continues to insult Luffy and once again encourages them to leave, but Luffy does not budge. Rising into the air to prepare a final attack, Nami begs Sanji to stop, and says that theyll leave. Luffy however reaffirms that he isnt moving an inch, inspiring another flashback from Sanji of Luffy asking the cook to join his crew. Sanji lands a flame-powered "Concasser" right to Luffys scalp, finally putting him down.  The onlooking Germa soldiers are impressed with Sanjis strength, convinced that he must have the Vinsmoke blood running through his veins. Sanji finally turns to get back to his carriage, but is stopped by Nami. She slaps Sanji hard across the face, and bids him a very angry farewell, calling him "Lord Sanji" now rather than her usual "Sanji-kun". Sanji is unable to look her in the eye, and Vinsmoke Judge comments that Sanji has finally severed his bonds as he returns to the carriage. As the carriage pulls off, Luffy gets back to his feet and yells that the cook isnt getting off that easy. He explains that he doesnt believe the chef for a second, and that hes never heard Sanji say something so fake. Sanji meanwhile palms his face, and shows an increasing amount of anguish at Luffys words. Luffy continues to remind Sanji of all theyve been through together, and that he should know this isnt enough to make him turn his back on his friend. Luffy was able to perceive that he wasnt actually the one feeling the pain the more and harder Sanji kicks, and Sanji finally breaks into tears at hearing this. Nami tries to dissuade Luffy by convincing him that Sanji has finally gone too far, but Luffy continues to call out for his chef. Reiju asks Sanji if they should stop again, but he tells them to keep moving as he has another flashback of when he first told Luffy about the All Blue. Luffy appeals that their adventures are still waiting for them, and finally states that he isnt budging an inch from his spot until Sanji comes back to him. He isnt willing to let the "best chef" walk away so easily, and will starve to death if he cant have another meal prepared by Sanjis hands. Niji and Yonji laugh at Sanjis anguish and tears, while Sanji again remembers his torture at his brothers hands. Luffy announces his hunger strike, and that hes not budging from that spot until Sanji comes back, as he cant become the Pirate King without him.    