On Whole Cake Island, inside the Chateau infirmary, a doctor and a homie guard both comment on Reijus incredible enhanced healing ability. As they talk, Sanji sneaks in undetected and ties and blindfolds the homie to a chair. Reiju then wakes, noticing Sanjis presence with surprise. She also inspects her injured leg while recalling foggily that she had been caught in a supposed crossfire. Sanji tells her that her memory has been overwritten, and proceeds to tell her what really happened. In the Prisoners Library, Jinbe burns the book imprisoning Luffy and Nami, in order to free them. Nami thanks Jinbe, but wonders why he is on the island. Jinbe explains that his Sun Pirates are subordinate to Big Moms crew. Nami points out the knocked out Charlotte Opera, and comments with concern that his actions constitute rebellion, and Jinbe affirms that theres no going back now. He tells Luffy and Nami that they have to hide somewhere where they wont be found, while Luffy complains about being hungry. Jinbe wonders how Luffy can be worrying about his stomach at a time like this, but Luffy interjects that he didnt ask for any food. Luffy recalls Puddings words and tells Jinbe to look after Nami, before running off to find and warn Sanji. In the infirmary, Reiju tells Sanji that she believes his version of events as she had been investigating Pudding due to finding her suspicious. Sanji proceeds to bemoan his belief that his own sacrifice would secure the safety of his crew, as Reiju notes on how Judge underestimated Big Mom before stating that they should not stand in the way of the planned assassinations. A shocked Sanji objects immediately, not wanting Reiju to die, but a touched Reiju responds that Sanji owes her nothing for helping him escape the Germa Kingdom 13 years ago. She urges Sanji to escape Whole Cake Island as soon as possible, and to worry about protecting the Baratie once he is safely away.  Before Sanji can object further, Reiju divulges to him one of her strongest childhood memories. She recalls a fight between their father and mother, during which their mother refused to undergo the surgery which would transform their soon-to-be-born sons into emotionless machines. While she was ultimately unable to refuse the surgery, she secretly took a drug that counteracted (in part) the effects of the Lineage Factor manipulation surgery. The drug led to a sudden deterioration in her health, and did nothing to prevent the surgerys successful modification of Ichiji, Niji and Yonji. However, the scientists monitoring the Vinsmoke brothers began observing behaviors in Sanji that revealed that his modification had been unsuccessful. While Judge blamed Sanji for the drugs success, Sora cherished Sanjis displays of kindness, crying in happiness as she told Reiju and Eponi about Sanjis actions. After listening, a horrified Sanji begins to state that their mothers death was his fault, but Reiju overrides him and tells him that their mother was happy from the bottom of her heart, and did not regret a thing. Reiju continues by stating that Sanji cannot be a failure, and that he is in fact kinder than anyone, leaving Sanji speechless. On the second floor of the Chateau, Luffy has taken hold of one of Big Moms subordinates and is strangling him, trying to elicit Sanjis whereabouts. At the same time, in the Hall of Treasures, Charlotte Smoothie learns of Jinbes rebellion and orders all homies and soldiers to seal off the fourth floor. Smoothie warns the soldiers not to inform Big Mom of the chaos inside the Chateau, and gives them permission to kill the rebels if necessary.  Back inside the infirmary, Reiju encourages Sanji to forget about Germa and leave. She reflects that Germa is nothing but a war machine that the world can do without, and that the Vinsmokes are a family of murderers that deserve death. Sanji continues his objections to Reijus proposed self-sacrifice, but Reiju explains that she cannot disobey their fathers commands. With Luffy fast approaching and leaving a trail of destruction behind him, Reiju states that she believes the Baratie is under no threat from Big Mom and (further) reveals that Sanjis handcuffs are fakes she had switched out with the real pair. Reiju concludes by telling Sanji forcefully to consider what was most important in his life; in particular, she emphasizes that he will never again meet people as amazing the ones he has now, for as long as he lives.  