In the giant kitchen on the eighth floor of the Whole Cake Chateau, head chef Streusen oversees the final touches being added to the wedding cake. Streusen describes the cake ingredients in great detail, comparing them to aspects of life and getting emotional as his subordinates carry the ingredients to the right places. In the eastern inlet of Whole Cake Island, the Sun Pirates order Pekoms to stop moving, as he still needs rest. Pekoms asks for confirmation that Jinbe reported Beges treachery to Big Mom, and Aladine lies that he did, though Pekoms is not entirely convinced that Bege is getting his retribution. The other Sun Pirates assure him that this is the case, but Pekoms continues to protest, saying that he heard people sneaking around at night and trying to get out and see for himself. The Sun Pirates say they will not let him do that, and Pekoms cries in outrage as he asks what they are hiding. Meanwhile, Luffy and Sanji approach the Fire Tank Pirates base, remembering Jinbes directions on how to get there. Luffy asks what Bege is like, and Sanji tells him to picture a mafia boss. Vito then opens the main entrance, bursting with delight at getting to meet Sanji again. He tells them that the others are already inside, and Chopper then emerges without his hat on, greeting his crewmates and saying they should take a bath. Luffy and Sanji are shocked to hear Chopper, who hates baths, say that, but Vito says that Bege would not meet with them unless they are clean. Inside the Womens Bath in the base, Nami tells Chiffon about what Lola was like on Thriller Bark, and Chiffon is overjoyed to hear about her twin sister, thanking Nami for saving her. Carrot excitedly follows along with the story as well, and Chiffon wonders if Lola found someone to marry, recalling Big Moms rage when she left. She says that all giants hate Big Mom for a certain reason, but one day the prince of Elbaf, Loki, had fallen in love with Lola at first sight and proposed to her. Big Mom was overjoyed at the prospect, as she could not only end the enmity between her and the giants, but could also gain control over the military forces of Elbaf, which are known as the strongest in the world. After Lola ran away, Big Mom used Chiffon as a substitute, but the giants found out and the wedding was annulled, with the relationship being even worse from then on. Big Mom then gave up on the giants and started looking into Gigantification research; her rage toward Lola grew greater and greater, to the point where Lola is considered a criminal in Totto Land and Chiffon was brutally beaten by Big Mom for resembling her, giving her injuries that lasted years. Chiffon no longer considers Big Mom her mother, but says that Lola probably does not know about Big Moms ill will due to her carefree nature, whereas Chiffon did not feel anything when Bege told her about his plan to assassinate Big Mom. Meanwhile, Luffy and Brook emerge from their bath, with Luffy discontent due to relaxing before the battle has started. They then open a fridge and take out some milk, despite a Fire Tank Pirate member berating them for their rudeness. They then drink the milk, which heals Luffys missing tooth and Brooks skull crack, appalling the guard. Three hours and 30 minutes before the start of the Tea Party, Brûlée and Diesel, who are cleaned up despite still being imprisoned, react in outrage when they find out about Chiffons compliance with Beges plot. However, Chiffon reminds them about what Big Mom did to her, saying that Bege and Pez are her only family now. Bege then comes into the meeting room, where the Straw Hats are waiting in fancy outfits. He addresses the topic of forming an alliance, saying that the easiest way out for his crew is to eliminate the Straw Hats now. However, Sanji points out that Beges plan cannot work with him dead, and Jinbe asks Luffy what his instincts say about an alliance. However, Luffy instead addresses Caesar Clown, who is sitting next to Vito with his hair spiked up. Caesar becomes panicked, and he remembers Beges crew approaching him in his lab. Bege, in possession of Caesars heart, offered him his freedom in exchange for the use of his power. Caesar protested against the thought of continued servitude, but ended up going with Bege anyways. Later, Caesar was horrified to learn the Straw Hats would be coming to the base, not wanting to see them ever again. In the present, Caesar states that he is actually Beges sworn brother "Gangster" Gastino, which briefly fools Luffy, but the Straw Hats quickly make him see straight again. This results in argument between them with Caesar cursing Luffy and Law for forcing him into this situation, but Bege squeezes his heart to silence him as he asks Luffy if he will accept the alliance or not. Luffy decides to first punch Bege for shooting Pekoms, and uproar occurs between the crews as Bege calmly sits there daring Luffy to try. Jinbe then cuts in, telling everyone that they all have a common enemy and they all have something to gain by banding together against her. Luffy then gathers around to Bege to learn the plan, which Bege states will be perfect as Caesar tells them to get over it so he could be free of them.  