Sanji, though not inherently interested in assassinating Big Mom, ponders how she can be killed, noting that she seems extremely tough. Pedro says they will need to do it quickly, with Nami recalling how the team was nearly killed retrieving Brook from her while she was sleeping. They then ask why they are aiming for her at the tea party, when several of her children will be around. Bege then replies that under certain conditions, they will have five seconds to take Big Moms head. If they fail, then total war will erupt and their chances of success will be zero. Bege says the plan will start with Caesar Clown, and Caesar reminds Bege to refer to him by his alias, threatening to kill Pez if Bege does not uphold his end of the bargain and release him after the plan is executed. Caesar then presents the KX Launcher, which contains phosphorous poison that will kill anyone once it enters their body. However, not even that can pierce through Big Moms skin, and so two conditions must be met: there must be no interference in the planned five seconds, and Big Moms body must be weakened. Pez starts to cry due to Beges loud voice, and Bege quiets him down with baby talk. Bege tells the Sanji Retrieval Team about Big Moms immense durability, with not even bullets or cannonballs being able to injure her. However, he did see Big Mom get injured once in the previous Tea Party. During tea parties, Big Mom puts a portrait of the mysterious Mother Carmel directly across the table from her. During the last tea party, a servant accidentally dropped the portrait, causing Big Mom to emit an earsplitting shriek that caused everyone to lose consciousness, as well as activate her Haoshoku Haki. When she kneeled down, her knee began bleeding. Thus, Bege plans to cut the picture in half, as not only will this leave Big Mom defenseless, but the people around her will be incapacitated from her shrieks for at least five seconds. Bege then presents the Sanji Retrieval Team with earplugs to protect them from Big Moms shrieks. Luffy then suggests rescuing the Vinsmoke Family in the process, but Bege tells him that it will take three seconds for Big Mom to react to the portrait being destroyed, meaning there is a good chance they will die in those three seconds. Thus, Luffy will serve as bait to keep Big Moms forces at bay. Nami and Chiffon are outraged that Bege is carelessly risking Luffys life, but Luffy agrees to it, saying he has the perfect entrance planned. Luffy says the cue will be when Sanji and Pudding kiss, but Sanji reminds him that Pudding will shoot him before that, so he will dodge; Luffy will instead make his entrance once he hears the gunshot. Bege says that once Big Mom starts shrieking, Luffys group can rescue the Vinsmokes while Caesar will break in through a mirror with Brûlées help. Once Caesar arrives, the team can escape the room and go back to their ships, where they can escape the island. The distressed Brûlée tries thinking of a way she can report this to Big Mom. After Big Moms assassination is successful, the alliance will part ways, and Bege wishes everyone luck. With two and a half hours left until the wedding, Sanji prepares to go back to his room to prepare for the wedding, and Luffy asks Bege to help him with his entrance, to Beges exasperation. Meanwhile, the various islands in Totto Land celebrate the upcoming wedding, and in the Germa Kingdom, the soldiers of Germa 66 reflect on the peacefulness, having not been allowed at the wedding. In the Whole Cake Chateau, the Vinsmokes get changed for the ceremony. Meanwhile, Big Mom cries hysterically about Brooks death as she holds his lifeless skeletal substitute, but she is reminded about the wedding, and tosses "Brook" aside in glee as it is reported that her guests are streaming into the castle. In Puddings room, Nitro and Rabian ask why Pudding is so sullen as she sits in her wedding dress. Pudding replies that she is not looking forward to being splattered in blood after shooting Sanji and having to rewrite everyones memories in order to continue to be seen as a good girl.  