At the coast of Elbaf 63 years ago, a five-year-old Charlotte Linlin was left there by her parents. The parents claimed that her father had work to do nearby and they would pick her up later, promising to let her eat as many sweets as she wanted if she stayed put. Linlin easily agreed, but as the parents got back on the ship, they solemnly revealed that they were abandoning Linlin on the island. Her mother cried, but her father assured her that it was necessary after all the destruction she had caused which resulted in her exile from their homeland. Her father hoped that the "Holy Mother" Carmel, would save Linlin. Linlin sat on the shore for a long time, and as night fell, she began to get distressed and call for her parents. A century ago, the two captains of the Giant Warrior Pirates, Dorry and Brogy, disappeared, and the remnants of their crew were captured by the Marines. However, before they were about to be executed, the beautiful Sister Carmel stepped in and claimed that the heavens had asked for a peaceful resolution. She revealed that executing the pirates would cause the giants of Elbaf to wage war on humans, and as a beam of sunlight shone on her in the midst of a storm, she asked to guide the giants in order to create a world where all races lived together in harmony. Carmel then set up an institution in Elbaf called the Sheeps House, where she took in all lost children regardless of their race. 37 years later, an 80-year-old Carmel welcomed Linlin to the Sheeps House, promising to take care of her until her parents returned. Linlin, who had always been bigger than everyone she met, was excited to live in a place where everything was her own size, and felt like this was home. One time, Linlin wept as she revealed that she put a bear and a wolf in a cage in order to get them to make up, only for the bear to eat the wolf. When she tried to punish the bear, she killed it in one hit, and as Carmel heard this, she was shocked at Linlins power, but praised her for her efforts to show kindness, regardless of whether or not it worked. Linlin also got into trouble when she tried to get rid of strange things like a Longarms extra joint or a Fish-Mans fin, but Carmel assured her that those were normal while asking everyone to forgive her since she was kind at heart. Ten months later, Oimo and Kashii discussed the disappearance of Dorry and Brogy and decided to go get them if they were not back in ten years. As they talked, Linlin chased a giant girl named Gerd, and Kashii asked Linlin if preparations were ready at the Sheeps House. Linlin did not know what he was talking about, and Gerd revealed that they would have a 12-day fasting period to celebrate the Winter Solstice Festival. Linlin was shocked at the thought of not eating, but Gerd assured her that there would be a great festival afterwards. Meanwhile, a young Hajrudin was shown training in order to join the Giant Warrior Pirates once either Dorry or Brogy returned, and the former captains of the Giant Warrior Pirates and heroes of the giants, Jarul and Jorul, commended Raideen as they entered the village. They stated that they must never forget their warrior heritage, and one of the giants asked why they are here. The two giant heroes revealed that they had come to eat semla with everyone at the Sheeps house, and both Linlin and Gerd salivated in excitement at the thought of semla. The banquet then began, and the partakers thanked the sun for the birth of Loki, Goldberg, Road  as well as for the growth of all the children. There was a lot of semla to eat, but Linlin loved it so much she ate a large quantity of it very quickly, forcing some giants to hold her back so other people could eat. The 12 days of fasting then began, and on the third day Linlin was distraught at the lack of food. Carmel told her that the Winter Solstice Festival was to celebrate the rebirth of the sun, and they would be more thankful for the sun the harder their wait got. Linlin loved Carmel and so obeyed her, but on the seventh day could not withstand her cravings. Gerd rushed to Carmel in a panic and revealed that Linlin was wreaking havoc on the village, and Linlin stood outside, surrounded by flames and the bodies of giants which she had taken down as she cried out for semla. As Linlins housemates watched the scene in shock, Jorul angrily stated that Linlin had gone too far to be forgiven and that she was not qualified to give thanks to the sun as he prepared to strike her down. Carmel attempted to stop him, but he said that Linlin was an evil spirit in the form of a child as he raised his sword against her.  