Sixty-three years ago, Jorul swung his sword at Charlotte Linlin, but she blocked it with her bare forearm and caused it to snap in half. Grabbing Jorul by the beard despite Carmels desperate orders, Linlin threw the giant hero to the ground, severely injuring him. Linlin then continued looking for semla, and Carmel asked a giant woman if there was any around. The woman reluctantly said there was some in the storehouse for the festival, and as some giants held Linlin down, Carmel stepped toward the flames caused by her ward and summoned a little bit of her soul from her hand. Carmel sent the soul fragment into the flames, creating a sun homie in a flash of light that she named Pandora. As Linlin was fed some semla and satiated, the giants stared in awe at Pandora, and Carmel claimed that it was the sun god and had made all things right. However, an enraged Jarul prepared to thrust his sword into the now-sleeping Linlin, and Carmel tried to stop him. Jarul replied that Jorul was beyond saving from his wounds at his age, and he could not forgive Linlin for having him die in such a manner. Carmel understood but could not leave a lost child like Linlin to die, and promised to go out of the country with her. Hajrudin was angry at Jaruls hesitation, but Jarul tearfully turned around and angrily ordered the two to disappear from his sight. Later, Linlin woke up and did not remember anything she had done, causing the giants to become even angrier, and she was soon hated by the entire giant race once word spread to the other giant kingdoms. The other Sheeps House children accompanied Carmel and Linlin to another island, where a new Sheeps House was set up by giants and life resumed as normal. In the Sheeps House, the children were raised with the goal of finding good foster parents. However, Carmel later went to a World Government building, where she told surprised CP0 agents that she indeed left Elbaf in order to keep Linlin, as she was now prepared to sell the girl to them for a high price. The agents balked at the price, but Carmel called Linlin her greatest product yet, saying she was strong enough to eventually become an Admiral or Fleet Admiral. She reminded the agents of how she sold them high-caliber orphans every two years to serve as intelligence agents, and the agents reluctantly agreed. Mother Carmel, an orphan trafficker known in the underworld as "Mountain Witch", was satisfied and decided to make this her last deal, as it took a lot of work to act as a loving mother. After the meeting, she continued to nurture her children, but always knew her true purpose in raising them. The Sheeps House later celebrated Linlins sixth birthday, and Linlin was presented with a giant pile of semla, which was called a croquembouche. The Sheeps House decided to have a tea party to celebrate, and Linlin gorged on the semla with tears of joy fogging her vision. She had the greatest birthday of her life, surrounded by Carmel and her friends, but when she finally finished the semla and thanked her housemates, she saw that they had all disappeared. Linlin fretted as she searched for them to no avail, and in the present day she continues crying out for her mother as she recalls being left alone forever that day.  