During the duel between Katakuri and Luffy, Brûlée resumes taunting Luffy by telling him that he has no chance against the best of Big Mom’s children. To Katakuri’s exasperation, she tells Luffy of Katakuri’s reputation for never having laid down once in his life, but is stopped when an irritated Luffy tries to strike her. Luffy’s attack is intercepted by Katakuri, who grabs Luffys arm and slams him into a wall of mirrors. Katakuri follows this up by attempting to strike Luffy with his spinning trident, Mogura, which Luffy only just manages to dodge. After the wall behind Luffy explodes from the force of the attack, Katakuri threatens to take Luffy apart piece by piece. Back at sea, Perospero receives word from Brûlée via Den Den Mushi that the Thousand Sunny had not been sunk by his and Big Mom’s combined tidal wave homie. On Brûlée’s instructions, Perospero directs Big Mom towards Cacao Island, but Big Mom appears to divert course towards Nuts Island. After a period of fighting, Luffy notes that dueling Katakuri was more tiring than usual because Katakuri was able to foresee where he planned to dodge, meaning that every evasion required extra effort. Katakuri also observes that his attacks have never been dodged so much, and so decides to use his awakened Devil Fruit powers to turn the ground of the Mirro-World into mochi. As the mochi wraps around Luffy, Luffy bites down on his arm, leading Katakuri to note Luffy’s imminent activation of Gear 4. In Sweet City, Mont-d’Or ponders why Totto Land’s territorial sea slug network had not reported any sighting of the Straw Hats. At the same time, Pekoms grieves over the apparent death of Pedro, while Niwatori expresses his surprise at Pedros self sacrifice. Despite Mont-d’Or’s confidence, Niwatori points to all the unexpected incidents that had occurred since the Straw Hats arrived at Totto Land, and recommends the dispatch of a powerful division as a final line of defense. Moments later, the Big Mom Pirates receive word from Custard that her group has lost sight of the Fire Tank Pirates, leading Mont-d’Or to order the inspection of the sea floor. On their ship, the Fire Tank Pirates are heading towards Cacao Island in order to rendezvous with Chiffon. Meanwhile, another communication informs Mont-d’Or that Germa 66 have been crushed by a separate squad, but the communication turns out to be from Niji (masquerading as Charlotte Nusstorte). Maintaining the charade, Niji asks Mont-d’Or about the Straw Hats’ whereabouts and is informed that they are still not captured and heading west. Having defeated their pursuers, Ichiji issues the order for Germa 66 to set sail.  