Pudding calls for the Cacao Island citizens to clear the way as the base wedding cake is brought outside, and everyone admires how it was made in such a short time. They admire Pudding, Chiffon, and the WCI 31 for accomplishing this, and the chefs who had their memories altered wonder why Sanji is in disguise. As Pound sees Chiffon from a distance away, Oven stops the carriage. Pudding tells him of her intention to take the cake out to sea to minimize the destruction caused by Big Mom, and Oven lets her pass, but he attacks Chiffon by punching her into the ground. Despite Pudding and the citizens protests, Oven does not relent due to Chiffons compliance in Beges assassination attempt on Big Mom. However, Chiffon refuses to give ground either, intent on continuing to repay her debt to Nami and the Straw Hats. Sanji wants to help, but knows exposing himself will cause Pudding to be viewed as a traitor. Oven grabs Chiffon by the neck and heats up his other fist with his Devil Fruit power, but before he can attack, Pound comes rushing in to protect his daughter. Chiffon and Sanji have no idea who he is, but Sanji takes the opportunity and rushes toward Oven in the blink of an eye. Too fast to see, Sanji kicks Oven in the neck right before Pounds fist is about to reach him. The blow sends Oven crashing into a building, and Sanji takes Chiffon back to the carriage at a rapid speed. Oven gets up with his neck hurting and face bruised and though he is confused, Oven knows his stepfather did not lay a hand on him as he quickly dispatches him with a punch. He then races toward the carriage and quickly finds Chiffon hiding under a blanket. He then receives a call reporting that Bege is heading towards Cacao Island. Delighted by the news, Oven contacts Bege, telling him that he has captured Chiffon and ordering him to disembark and surrender at the port. Chiffon shouts at Bege to leave her there and escape so he could avenge her later, causing Oven to strike her, and Bege seemingly agrees to Ovens ultimatum. Big Moms forces get into position to besiege the Nostra Castello as it draws toward Cacao Island. While approaching the port, Bege shoots Oven in the face with an explosive round. Oven is sent flying back, and the Fire Tank Pirates celebrate as the Big Mom Pirates fleet goes on the offensive. Despite being surrounded and Oven only getting angry from the shot, Bege is brimming with confidence. Meanwhile, the Straw Hats on the Thousand Sunny see Big Moms forces as they approach Cacao Island, and as they prepare to fight, Carrot wonders if it is a full moon tonight. Elsewhere, numerous islands report seeing Luffy intruding with Brûlée as Katakuri continues to wait in the Mirro-World. While hiding inside a building, Brûlée wonders what Luffy is up to, and Luffy says that he can deplete Katakuris Kenbunshoku Haki by drawing out the battle, but also knows that it will not do him any good. After remembering Rayleigh telling him that Haki becomes stronger by battling strong enemies, Luffy expresses an interest in seeing the future like Katakuri does before declaring that he will defeat Katakuri at full strength.  