The citizens of Cacao Island are shocked to see that Bege shot Oven. The soldiers under Ovens command declare that they are surrounded. Oven stands up, saying that he will personally execute Bege. Pudding nervously asks Chiffon what they should do now that they are completely blocked off from the harbor. Despite the odds, Bege orders the Nostra Castello to continue forward. Once the ship reached the coast, the paddles turn into tank treads, revealing that the ship is amphibious and can travel on land as well. Oven is thunderstruck by this, ordering his men to fire at both Bege and the ship. Bege tells Chiffon and the WCI31 to pass them the cake. The chefs say that theres no way to safely transfer it over, but Sanji kicks the carriage and launches it onto Beges ship. Oven is surprised to see the cake move as well, wondering how a mere cook can have that much power to move something that large with just one leg. After the cake lands safely aboard the Nostra Castello, Chiffon and Bege embrace with Pez while Pudding gets lovestruck with Sanji once more. Despite his men begging Oven to move, the latter does not budge and declares that he will stop the ship. The Nostra Castello promptly runs him over, shocking Ovens subordinates. Chiffon tells Bege that they must travel to the southeastern seas. Both Bege and Pudding note that the only way to get there is by land, which will result in the destruction of some of the chocolate houses. As they leave, Chiffon notices Pound smiling and waving at them and again doesnt recognize him as her father. However, Pez notices his grandfather and happily waves back. The Nostra Castello later reaches the sea. As Bege corrects Sanji after the latter thanked him for the save, Vito notices the fish in the area have been boiled and are floating. Its revealed that Oven survived getting run over and is heating up the sea with his Devil Fruit powers. They realize the sudden increase in heat has destroyed some of the Nostra Castello paddles and will also damage the cake. Suddenly, Pez starts to laugh and wave towards the shore. Chiffon looks and sees that Pound is lunging towards Oven with a large club. He strikes Oven against the back of the head, shattering his club. Oven glares as he slowly raises his arm out of the ocean, lowering the temperature back to normal. Pound notes that he was supposed to fall into the ocean as Oven menacingly approaches his stepfather. Pound waves one more time at Pez as he silently tells his grandson that his mother and father will take good care of him. Pound remembers when both Chiffon and Lola were born and Big Mom immediately discarded him before he even had a chance to hold his two newborn daughters. He adjusts his tie as Oven swings a large heated blade at his neck. Pound silently apologizes for not being there for either of his daughters, but is grateful he was able to see Chiffon happy at least once in his life. As he congratulates Chiffon for her marriage, Pez starts to cry uncontrollably as Oven strikes Pound. Aboard the Thousand Sunny, the Straw Hats, Jinbe, and Carrot find themselves pursued by Big Mom and a fleet of Tarteships once again. They resolve to keep going while Sanji orders the chefs to start decorating the cake.  