Daifuku summons his genie to attack Carrot, and with a single swing of its halberd, it demolishes multiple Tarte ships, but it does not hit Carrot as she jumps up with the helms of multiple ships in hand. The Straw Hats are awed at her display of abilities, and Jinbe explains the Sulong form to them. Initially, it caused the minks to lose their minds and attack indiscriminately, and they would die within one night from exhaustion. Brook then goes off to provide assistance to Carrot, and uses his sheer speed to run across the ocean. While Carrot and Brook deal with Daifukus fleet, Nami and Chopper turn their attention to the fleet attacking them from the rear. Meanwhile, Bavarois notices that Big Mom is acting strange as she is growing skinnier and gasping for breath, calling for Zeus and Prometheus. Perospero notes that these eight hours are the longest Big Mom has gone without her food craving being satisfied, and that she would be an unknown force to deal with from now on. Bavarois then reports that although Pudding is transporting her wedding cake in their direction, she is doing it on Beges ship, which appalls Perospero, who bets that the cake will be sabotaged. On the Nostra Castello, Sanji adamantly refuses Beges ideas to put poison or explosives in the cake, and Bege points out that this is a big opportunity to take out one of the Four Emperors. Sanji said that a cooks pride is on the line, and claims that the taste alone will defeat Big Mom. Bege is incredulous, knowing how many different kinds of sweets Big Mom has had in her lifetime, but Sanji stops him by feeding him some of his whipped cream, which instantly causes Bege to be overwhelmed with pleasure at the taste. Sanji says that Bege can try to assassinate Big Mom afterwards, but his goal is to fulfill the obligations of a cook. This causes Pudding to become lovestruck and fall over, and Chiffon backs up Sanjis argument to her husband. The chefs are almost done covering the cake with the cream, with two of them succumbing to the aroma, and Sanji hopes his crew is safe as he draws closer to them. Meanwhile, Zeus and Prometheus are making their way back to Big Mom, and Zeus blames the long journey ahead on Prometheus wanting to eat fire. This enrages Prometheus, who points out how Zeus went against Big Mom when he let Nami use him. Elsewhere, Daifukus fleet is in full disarray with the ships no longer being able to move, and the Straw Hats see an opening to escape. Carrot continues attacking, wondering how much is left as her consciousness starts to fade. As she dodges one of Daifukus attacks, Brook comes up to her, having put one of the ships to sleep. Saying they have done enough, Carrot blocks her vision of the moon to revert back to her normal form as Brook carries her back to the Sunny. They return, but as Perospero and Bavarois witness the chaos of Daifukus fleet, they suddenly see Big Mom getting ready to attack as she has Napoleon transform into a blade before she leaps out toward the Sunny. With Zeus and Prometheus having arrived, Big Mom rides the former as she heads for the Sunny with all her special homies out in full force. She then lands on the Sunny and demands her cake, and Jinbe tells the crew to prepare to abandon ship.  