In Hakuriki Town on Komugi Island, the citizens were shocked by mirrors breaking due to the battle between Katakuri and Luffy in the Mirro-World. They comment their surprise on how long this fight has gone. On Whole Cake Island, Count Niwatori also remarks on this after seeing that it is already 9:30 PM. Next to him is a table where Stussy and Morgans sit, and Stussy reveals to Niwatori and Mont-dOr that the Tamatebako given to them by the Straw Hats and Fish-Man Island was the cause of the explosion that toppled the Whole Cake Chateau. In the Mirro-World, the 36th daughter of the Charlotte Family and leader of the Katakuri Fan Club, Charlotte Flampe, orders her subordinates to assist her older brother Katakuri by sniping at Luffy. However, Luffy is too fast and the snipers keep missing, causing her to stab one of them with a fork. She reveals that since Katakuri is the favorite of all his younger brothers and sisters, she needs to work to gain his favor so she can be the favorite of all her 41 older brothers. She also does not want Katakuri to have this much trouble taking down Luffy, who is still very persistent even at a disadvantage. Luffy gets up from the floor, but Katakuri quickly creates more mochi donuts and assaults him again with mochi arms. Luffy unsuccessfully attempts to dodge, but the Sweet Commander hits him with a mochi kick and sends him crashing into the wall while smothering him with mochi. However, Luffy breaks out through the other side of the wall, and Katakuri states that falling down is itself shameful. Predicting Luffys actions perfectly, Katakuri hits him in the head and then the shoulders to prevent him from getting up and attacking. Luffy does manage to regain his calm and counter Katakuris giant punch, and though he is overpowered again, Katakuri notes that he is managing to see into the future infrequently. The Sweet Commander tells Luffy to give up, saying that Big Moms fleet will take out the Straw Hats before they can make it to Cacao Island, and will be lying in wait for Luffy should he make it out of the Mirro-World. However, Luffy disregards Katakuris statement and promises to make it out of the Mirro-World.  On the Nostra Castello, Sanjis team completes the wedding cake, and everyone onboard celebrates. Sanji thanks Pudding and Chiffon for helping him, and Pudding has a mood swing, threatening that the Big Mom Pirates may have already destroyed the Straw Hats and Big Mom may not even like the cake. As Chiffon scolds her, she then reverts back to her nice personality and gasping in shock at her words. Both Sanji and Luffy then say that they will head back to their crew because the others are believing in them. At sea, Chopper activates Monster Point, amazing Perospero. With Prometheus increasing tremendously in size and the ocean water not enough to stop it, Chopper prepares a last-ditch effort to grab Big Mom and drag her into the ocean with him. However, Nami sees the Nostra Castello in the distance, and Big Mom catches the scent of the cakes aroma.  