Sanji is annoyed at Niji for giving him a Raid Suit in secret, seemingly mocking him for his lack of strength right until the very end. Luffy and Chopper are trying to convince him to keep it. Sanji claims that he doesnt need science to make himself stronger, with Nami showing off her Clima-Tact (which now contains Zeus) as a response to Sanjis science dismissal. Just as Sanji is telling the crew not to mention Germa 66 or the Vinsmoke Family again, Carrot announces that the newspaper has arrived. It is revealed that Sanjis bounty has now increased to 330,000,000 and it now says "Dead or Alive" once again. Sanji is elated to know that his bountys now higher than Zoros, only to discover that his poster now contains the word Vinsmoke, much to his dismay. Brook discovers that Luffy is also depressed because his bounty has seemingly been lowered to 150,000,000. Nami is elated as that means less people will come for them, but Brook tells her this hurts their captains pride.  The scene then cuts to Neptune and his sons about to leave the Ryugu Kingdom for the Levely, with Shirahoshi deciding to come along with them in fear of Luffy calling her "Weakhoshi" again.  This leads to people across the world reading the newspaper which says that Luffy now commands a fleet of 5000 subordinates and that he would be on the way to becoming a fifth Emperor. Amongst those seen reading this news are Dalton and Dr. Kureha from the Sakura Kingdom, Crocodile, the Firetank Pirates, and Princess Vivi. At the same time, Bartolomeo and Cavendish are giving interviews to the journalists. At the Marine Headquarters, Fleet Admiral Akainu is given a report that the ship containing the representatives from the Lulusia Kingdom has been attacked by pirates and that Princess Komane has been kidnapped. Akainu angrily asks how that happened. The scene then changes to King Riku Doldo III and King Elizabello playing chess as their ships are anchored next to each other, with Rebecca recalling the news about Luffy. She then reminds the Tontattas not to speak of their connection to Luffy at Mary Geoise as theyre now pirates.  An unknown pirate crew in a submarine look at the ships through their periscope as they decide to kidnap Princess Viola. At the same time, their captive, Princess Komane, is pleading to let her go in exchange for any amount of money they want. They then fire a torpedo at the ships, only for it to be intercepted by an unknown marine and deflected, narrowly missing the ships. It is revealed that it was Captain Koby who saved them. It is also revealed that Lieutenant Commander Helmeppo has defeated the pirates, with Komane kicking them, swearing that theyll all be skewered. Kyros recognizes Koby as the Marine hero who once saved many civilians during the Rocky Port Incident. He then thanks Koby for saving the royal families from the pirates and comments on his humility. Koby denies his heroism before noticing Rebeccas paper with the news about Luffy. Rebecca then gives him the paper and he becomes proud of Luffys recent achievements against Big Mom. She then asks Koby if he is a fan of Luffy, which he tries to stringently deny, but she sees through his attempts to divert the conversation and promises that his secret will be kept by her. All of the Four Emperors read the newspaper; Kaidou is angry that the pirate who ruined his operations was in Big Moms territory, Blackbeard comments that Luffy being called an emperor is a bit premature, Big Mom angrily says that she was never defeated and that both Luffy and Morgans should watch their backs, and Shanks comments that theyll soon be able to meet again. Brook then looks at Luffys wanted poster and realizes that Luffy made an error in counting the zeros, which confuses the latter. Brook then announces that Luffys bounty is now in fact 1,500,000,000, as all of the crew look on in shock at the revelation.  