On the way to Wano Country, Nekomamushi and his crew stop at the island that Whitebeard grew up on and referred to as his homeland. It is shown that the minks decided to stay along the shoreline due to them being warriors on an island of peace. Marco has taken on the role of doctor on the island and helps several citizens before going to sit with Nekomamushi. He describes that Whitebeard grew up an orphan on this island and it was too poor to be able to ally with the World Government. When he started his career as a pirate, Whitebeard would care for the island by funnelling money to it despite not having any familial ties there. After Blackbeard killed Whitebeard and took his place as an Emperor, Marco wanted to fight him in revenge for taking everything away from the remaining Whitebeard Pirates; he breaks down when mentioning that his share of treasure went to support the island and thanks Shanks for burying Whitebeard on his final keepsake. Marco then brings up the topic of Edward Weevil hunting down anyone who has had ties to Whitebeard and, while not knowing if his claims about being Whitebeards true son are true, admits that Buckin was a pirate roughly thirty - forty years ago with Whitebeard and for the sake of the island, cant journey to Wano; he informs Nekomamushi to pass on a message to Luffy in his stead. Shortly after arriving in Wano Country, Kinemon warns Franky, Usopp, Robin and Zoro that they must assimilate into the country until they can rally enough support to overthrow shogun Kurozumi Orochi, who is loyal to Kaidou. He urges them to keep their identities a secret and to not provoke any of the officials; if so, Kaidou will know about it and ruin their plans. Franky, Usopp and Robin are able to blend in by getting jobs as a carpenter, salesman, and geisha respectively. Zoro posed as a ronin, but was apprehended by the local magistrate, Toyama Tsujigiro, on the grounds of supposedly murdering three people in the night. He is additionally charged with desecrating the grave of famed hero and swordsman Ryuma, using the fact that Zoro is in possession of Ryumas sword Shusui as proof. Despite acknowledging that Zoro possibly stole the sword from the original thief, Tsujigiro gleefully states his joy in now being in possession of the sword and orders Zoro to commit seppuku for "his" crimes.  As Zoro prepares himself, he comments that Tsujigiro himself smells like blood and queries if he is the true culprit; Tsujigiro is caught off guard and Zoro slashes the air, cutting Tsujigiro and part of the building. As the onlookers are shocked that so much damage was caused with just a seppuku blade, Zoro inwardly apologizes to Kinemon and prepares himself.  