At Tsurus tea house in Okobore Town, Tama, who has recently received herbal tea from Tsuru, recovers from her sickness. Tsuru warns Tama that the herb helps the body recover, but does not negate the poison, instructing Tama to rest. However Tamas stomach began to grumble, and the girl rushes back to the river to subside it, much to Tsuru anger. Meanwhile, Luffy and Zoro are sitting outside while the latters wounds are being treated by Kiku, who notes Kikus physic before the formal introduction. They are then distracted by Tamas refusal to eat the sweet red bean soup Tsuru made for her since she cant afford it, and Tsurus poor state, as well as feeling ashamed in doing so after Tsuru treated her. Tsuru became angry at Tama for refusing the meal she prepared for her, and following Kikus advice, accepts the food. Tama goes outside and sits between Luffy and Zoro who urge her to eat her meal, which she finally does, and is enchanted by the taste. Luffy is surprised and asked if that is the first time eating the dish, which she confirms, before remembering Hitetsus talking about Tamas eating habits. While Tama is enjoying her meal greatly, Tsuru became emotional as Tama claims this as the best day of her life. After the meal, Tama takes a nap while Tsuru talks with Luffy and Zoro about Wano Countrys poor condition of the land and residents. They then introduce themselves as Zorojuro and Luffytaro. Tsuru continue to talk about the origin and the way of life in Okobore Town, and the history of Wano country and the Kozuki Family. She tells them about a time twenty years ago, when the family ruled over Wano, and that it was a prosperous land which she dubs "Paradise", and how the country ended up to be the way it is now under the shogun, Kurozumi Orochi. She tells them about the farm Orochi controls, which has clean waters and eatable products, while Okobore Town survives upon purchasing the old ingredients from the neighboring town, which is inhabited by country rulers. Tsuru is then targeted by an arrow, and is saved at the last moment by Zoro pulling his sword and blocking it. The archer reveals himself to be Batman, whose hearing is superb thank to the bat SMILE he ate. He claims to have heard Tsuru speaking ill about the shogun, and when asked by Zoro if that is any reason to kill her, Batman replies that that is the shoguns will. Batman then accuses Zoro and Luffy of robbing the farm, and barrages them with arrows, all of which Zoro blocks. Surprised, Batman identified Zoro as the wanted "One-Eyed Ronin". Kiku, meanwhile, rushes to Tsurus side, protecting her, but this leads to Tama being taken by Gazelleman, a gazelle SMILE user, who runs off at a high speed thanks to his gazelle-like legs. Kiku grabs a sword, and riding on Komachiyo, gives chase. Surprised, Zoro questions Kikus actions, and Tsuru reveals Kiku is actually a well trained in swordsmanship. Luffy and Zoro join her in her pursuit, but are held back by Batmans arrows. This causes Zoro to believe Tamas kidnapping was planned out. Kiku pulls out a notepad and after deducting they are headed toward Bakura Town, the neighboring government controlled town, informs Luffy and Zoro about the rivaling Beasts Pirates headliners who reside there and the 30 SMILE users. Shocked by her vast knowledge, they ask who exactly Kiku is who replies "a samurai". While Gazelleman contacts Holedem, one of Bakura town resident headliner, informing him about Tamas capture, Luffy and his team enter Bakura Town gate. Elsewhere, on top of a mountain, the Heart Pirates inform their captain Trafalgar D. Water Law about Luffys arrival to Wano and entering the town. Law then panics and orders his crew to stop Luffy before he causes any trouble.  