Luffy leaves Tama in the care of the submissive Speed. Tama says she will never forget getting to taste new foods and says she will take some to her master, and Luffy says he will bring back Komachiyo and Nidai Kitetsu later. Speed then carries Tama off into the distance, and the residents of Okobore Town thank Luffy for bringing them the Treasure Ship. Luffy, Zoro, Law, and Kiku then ride Komachiyo toward the ruins of Oden Castle. Luffy wonders why Kiku is going with them, and Kiku pretends tells him just wants to see it, when the truth is to keep an eye on their intentions in going there. Zoro quickly realizes that Kiku is hiding something from them. In the Flower Capital, a teacher instructs her students about the benefits of Wano Countrys closed borders, and the students jeer at Kozuki Oden and his nine red scabbards for attempting to open Wanos borders 20 years ago. The teacher then elicits cheers from them when she states that Kurozumi Orochi heroically killed the Kozuki Family and kept Wano peaceful. Meanwhile, the money changer Kyoshiro, while intoxicated, starts to laugh as he recalls a situation that Orochi has found himself in. 20 years ago, the wife of Oden proclaimed a curse on Orochi, who interpreted it as a prophecy that nine samurai would kill him in revenge and open Wanos borders in 20 years. Kyoshiro mocks Orochi for believing this and living in fear now that 20 years have passed, as there should be no Kozuki Family member still alive and able to take revenge. Luffys group arrives at Oden Castle, and Kiku starts getting emotional before hurrying off alone. Luffy notices that Zoro went somewhere as well, and Law tells him to come toward him. Luffy sees the group of gravestones, and is shocked at the graves for Kinemon, Momonosuke, Kanjuro, and Raizo. Luffy wonders where Kinemon is, and Law replies that Kinemon is not here, but will likely appear at night. This makes Luffy think that he is a ghost, but Kinemon then comes out, having been occupied with intense diarrhea, and Luffy gets angry at Law for his choice of words. Kiku then rushes toward Kinemon and tackles him in a hug, though gets mad at him for not revealing his return to Wano. Kiku then realizes that the Straw Hats and Law are the outside force that Kinemons group was able to recruit. Momonosuke then greets Luffy, and he is quickly followed by the arrival of Sanji, Nami, Chopper, Brook, and Carrot, who were able to find Luffy using his Vivre Card. Law then invites the Straw Hats inside to talk, where they could eat food he had stolen from Paradise Farm. When inside, Kinemon reveals that there is a secret they should tell the Straw Hats before they get started, and reveals that they came from the past and got here by traveling 20 years forward in time.  