Luffy goads Arlong to come out of the pool despite the beatings the fish-man gave him, and Arlong laughs at Luffys tenacity, wondering if Luffy realized that running away is futile. Usopp yells at Luffy to hide, saying that hell die if Arlong lands a direct hit on him. However, Luffy makes a shield by horizontally stretching the fingers of his left hand, and Johnny and Yosaku wonder what Luffy is thinking with that. Arlong goes twice as fast as last time as he swims toward Luffy, aiming to skewer his heart, and he sends Luffy flying as he hits him directly, to Johnny and Yosakus horror. However, Luffy barely manages to stop Arlongs nose from striking him by using his finger shield to block the fish-mans face, and bounces away from Arlong onto the wall of the main building. Luffy tells Arlong that that attack wont work on him anymore, however Arlong catches Luffy by surprise as he jumps up from the collision site (although Luffy just says he got lucky), and leaps at the Straw Hat again in midair. Luffy responds by stretching his fingers to form a net, which catches Arlong, and Luffy then stomps Arlongs chest and sends him crashing into the ground below. The onlookers rejoice, and Luffy wonders if Arlong is dead, but Arlongs eyes quickly reopen and they are now intense and wild looking. Genzo and Nojiko are unnerved by the sight, and even Nami says that she has never seen his eyes like that before. Sanji notes that they are the same eyes a Sea King has when it goes berserk, and that Luffys attack just enraged him. Arlong grabs Luffy by the head and slams him into the foot of the building before charging at him. Luffy barely manages to jump over Arlongs punch, but as Arlong punches through the wall of the building, he grabs a giant Zanbato named Kiribachi and pulls it out. Arlong swings Kiribachi at Luffy, and Luffy dodges, but the sword plants itself into the building and allows Arlong to flip and pursue Luffy up the main building. Arlong manages to corner Luffy on an upper level, and Luffy leaps into a window as the fish-man attacks. Arlong climbs into the room, and Luffy wonders what all the papers around him are. Arlong replies that these are maps that Nami has spent the last eight years drawing, and he praises Namis ability, but Luffy notes that the pen on Namis desk is encrusted in blood. Arlong holds Luffys head between two of Kiribachis blades as he says that there is no greater happiness for Nami than to make maps for the fish-men to use to conquer the world, and asks Luffy if he could use her any more effectively. In response, Luffy grabs onto one of Kiribachis blades, rendering Arlong unable to move his sword. Luffy shatters the tooth-like blade with his bare hand, growing angry about Arlong using Nami like a tool.  