Kinemon starts to talk about Kozuki Oden, revealing that Oden Castles real name was Kuri Castle, but it was called Oden Castle because of the Kuri residents great love for Oden. Oden was the son of the shogun Kozuki Sukiyaki, but was exiled from the Flower Capital due to getting into violent fights. At that time, Kuri was a lawless area where criminal gangs formed to rob and kill each other. Oden went there and challenged Ashura Doji, who was considered the most dangerous man there. He defeated Doji, and rounded up the criminals and corrected their path, teaching them to be workers who could build towns to live in. He built the Paradise Farm for everyone to eat clean food, and after Sukiyaki had heard of his sons deeds, he bestowed on Oden the title of Daimyo of Kuri when Oden was only 20 years old. Elsewhere, Zoro is all alone in the wilderness, and as he looks for his comrades, he sees a wharf and decides to take a ride there. On a beach in Kuri, Inuarashi sits with his Musketeers, and he recalls how Oden felt Wano Country was too cramped. Inuarashi and Nekomamushi had washed up on Wano when they were young, and everyone feared them except for Oden, who defended them from those who tried persecuting them. Inuarashi views Oden as a true hero, recounting how even Whitebeard and Gol D. Roger were captivated by him. However, the Straw Hats moods changed from happy to shocked as Kinemon reveals what happened to Oden during Orochis takeover 20 years ago. He recounts how after Oden was brought to the Flower Capital and executed, he, Kanjuro, Raizo, Kiku, Inuarashi, Nekomamushi, and another samurai managed to escape from the scene. However, Inuarashi and Nekomamushi were caught by Orochis men, and the remaining members of the group had no choice but to press on to Oden Castle to try to protect Momonosukes life. Kaidou had anticipated their plan, however, and set Oden Castle ablaze before they got there. Kinemons group managed to break in and find Momonosuke with his mother Toki and younger sister Hiyori. Toki, who was rumored to have been born in the distant past, revealed that she could go into the future with her Toki Toki no Mi abilities. She decided to meet her end here, and as Kinemon promised to fulfill Odens goal of opening Wanos borders, she sent him, Momonosuke, Kanjuro, Raizo, and Kiku 20 years into the future. Kinemons group found themselves in the remains of Oden Castle, and discovered the graves for them nearby. As they traveled around Wano, they discovered the pollution and corruption that had taken root. However, despite the nations hatred for the Kozuki Family, they managed to find allies who had waited for the fulfillment of Tokis proclamation that the family would return. Kiku was left to gather information on their enemies, while the rest of them went to sea to recruit allies. They were spotted by Orochis men as they left, and shipwrecked on the way to Zou, where they parted ways with Raizo. They then drifted to Dressrosa, where Kanjuro was captured as Momonosuke was taken to Punk Hazard. There, Kinemon had been dismantled by Law, but it was in that desperate situation when he found the Straw Hats and gathered an alliance together. However, Kinemon reveals that the goal of this alliance now is not to wage war, but to secretly work to take out the commander. In two weeks, on the night of the Fire Festival, he plans for the alliance to stage a raid on Onigashima, where Kaidou resides.  