Answering Brooks question about how they will get to Onigashima, Kinemon states that they do have a ship, although it will not be a long voyage since the island is very close to Wano. Kiku says that Kaidou is considered to be the "Wise King" that protects the country, and every year Orochi and his men go to Onigashima seemingly to pay respects to him, but in reality, they just have a raucous banquet. Sanji hopes that Kiku will fall in love with him instead of Kinemon once she sees him during the mission, but Kinemon reveals that Tsuru is actually his wife. He then pulls out a piece of paper with a symbol on it that will communicate the time and place of the planned raid, and his goal now is to give these papers to those with the crescent moon symbol on their ankle, which signifies rebellion against Kaidou and loyalty to the Kozuki Family. Zoro and Usopp are tasked with looking for allies in the Flower Capital, while Franky works for the architect of Kaidous residence to obtain its blueprints and Robin is training as a geisha in the hopes of gaining Orochis audience so she can spy on him and his men. Brook is tasked with acquiring food provisions from the capital while Sanji uses his culinary skills to draw in people to help search for allies. Chopper and Carrot are to Inuarashis location. Kinemon has the Straw Hats put leaves on their head, which he turns into disguises with his Fuku Fuku abilities. Kinemon then summons the kunoichi Shinobu to train Nami in the art of bewitchment and states that there are three samurais they particularly need to find, as each of them is worth a hundred men, namely Kawamatsu, Denjiro, and Ashura Doji. Meanwhile, Shutenmaru and the Mt. Atama Thieves raid Okobore Town and steal the food that Luffy gave to the citizens despite their pleas. Shutenmaru scoffs at the heroism of feeding these people, saying their gifts were no more now that he is here to steal them, and there are no longer any men left in Wano who can guide the samurai to defend the people. One old woman responds that she believes in Tokis prophecy about nine samurais carrying out Odens wishes, but Shutenmaru finds the belief silly and prepares to kill her. However, he is stopped when Jack arrives and quickly takes out several of his men with his crocodile-like steed. Jack tells Shutenmaru about Luffy being in this area, but Shutenmaru says he has no knowledge of the pirate. Jack says that Shutenmaru has only been left alive this long because Kaidou wants him as his subordinate and Shutenmaru answers by charging toward Jack and cutting him across the chest, breaking one of the Disasters blades. Jack and Shutenmaru then spar in a high-level duel as the citizens worry that their clash will destroy the town. Jack manages to injure Shutenmarus shoulder, but Shutenmaru is unfazed as he says there is no way Jack could take him down. Suddenly, Jacks men tell him to look behind him as a formation of dark clouds suddenly fills the sky. In the midst of these clouds is Kaidou, having flown to Kuri in his dragon form. Kaidou tells Jack to bring Luffy to him immediately, and Law reveals to Luffy who the dragon is.  