Kinemon confirms Laws statement that Kaidou has arrived, revealing that Kaidou can transform into a dragon. Momonosuke starts feeling unwell as he transforms into a dragon as well, shocking Kiku and Shinobu. Luffy notices that Kaidou is near Okobore Town, and in response to Kinemon wondering why he came here, Law reveals that he, Luffy, and Zoro were exposed. However, he notes that this should not affect the plan too much, as Kaidou had his sights set solely on him and Luffy for taking down Caesar Clown and Doflamingos SMILE operations. Luffy races toward Okobore Town, and Law decides to go after him, as them dealing with Kaidou should not expose the rest of their alliance. At Bakura Town, the people there are sent into a frenzy at Kaidous arrival, with Hawkins being surprised and Holedem wondering if Kaidou came to execute him. The citizens of Okobore Town as well as the Mt. Atama Thieves attempt to run away as Kaidou hovers directly over them, and the Yonko recognizes Shutenmaru. Kaidou remembers his previous encounter with the thief and asks him to become his subordinate, revealing himself to be drunk in the process. Jack is shocked at his generals intoxication, saying that Kuri and its worker residents will likely be decimated if he continues his rampage. Law catches up to Luffy as the latter keeps running toward Okobore Town, and reprimands him for trying to help the citizens. Meanwhile, Kinemon and Kiku run toward Okobore Town as well after Kinemon heard that Tsuru is there, and he is shocked that she did not remarry in the 20 years he was gone before telling Kiku to go back to Oden Castle. Hawkins rides into Okobore Town to tell Kaidou that Luffy and Law are at the ruins of Oden Castle, causing Kaidou to immediately head there. Hawkins reveals to Jack that he lied to Kaidou in order to stop his rampage and also to try eliminating a suspicious light there that has led to rumors about the Kozuki Familys return. While Luffy and Law are not at Oden Castle, much of their allies are, and they flee in terror as an enraged Kaidou flies right toward them. Kaidou passes by Luffy and Law as he unleashes a devastating fire breath that instantly obliterates Oden Castle, and the onlookers are shocked at how quick and powerful his attack was. Law then notices that Luffy is no longer beside him, and the people of Kuri watch as Luffy jumps over Kaidou and uses Gomu Gomu no Elephant Gun to hit the Emperor right on the head.  