Luffy offers Kid to form an alliance against Kaidou. Kid rejects the offer by stating that he was betrayed by his former allies Basil Hawkins and Scratchmen Apoo, and they rather fight Kaidou by themselves. He also blamed the betrayal of his former allies as the cause of Killers suffering after eating a faulty SMILE. Kid and Killer free themselves and leave the prison to find their other members. Meanwhile, Raizo, Kawamatsu, and Hyogoro try to persuade the Udon prisoners to join the alliance and support their cause. However, doubt reigned among the prisoners as they learned that Luffy is a pirate and they are unsure if they can trust him. However, the trio defend Luffy by saying that there are different kinds of pirates in the world and Luffy is one of the better pirates. One of the prisoners also doubted Raizo having traveled 20 years later by saying that "he always looked like an old man". At one of the prison rooms, Luffy rests while Chopper tries to find a cure for the Mummy virus. He was seen by Tama and Momonosuke. Momonosuke insults and complements Luffy at the same time but Luffy only insulted him in return. He gets offended and intends to attack Luffy but Tama restrains him to prevent further trouble as well as getting himself infected. Tama fails to do so and Luffy throws rocks at Momonosuke and tells him to leave. Momonosuke gets noticed by the prisoners and they immediately kowtowed upon learning that their lord is alive and well. The trio realizes that the prisoners only lacked motivation and proof to fight with them. Kawamatsu temporarily leaves the group as his objective in Udon has been completed and his help would be needed somewhere else. Kinemon, Inuarashi, and the Mt. Atama Thieves arrive at a graveyard in Kuri. Ashura Doji shows Kinemon what happened during the twenty years he was absent. These were the remains of the Kozuki retainers who attacked Onigashima 10 years past. This was in revenge of 10 years of suffering under Kaidous rule, having taken everything from them. Ashura wept over the loss of his men and wonders why it has to take 20 years. Inuarashi and Kinemon agreed that they will understand why once the primary objectives of their alliance have been completed. After that, Ashura gathered his men to seek vengeance on Kaidou and his crew on the night of the Fire Festival. At a forest outside the Flower Capital, Zoro defeats a group of ninjas belonging to the Orochi Oniwabanshu in order to protect Hiyori. Zoro asks Hiyori if they can return to the bridge where Gyukimaru resides to retrieve Shusui. Hiyori says that she can take him there anytime and is worried more about Toko. Zoro replies that Toko would be safe in the other Straw Hats hands and worries more about his sword since he needs it before the final battle as he feels incomplete without it. Hiyori says that the house is in Oihagi Bridge in Ringo. Afterwards, they talked about avenging Tonoyasus death with Hiyori wishes to kill Orochi herself. In the Flower Capital, Hawkins intends to interrogate a restrained Law about the Straw Hats plans in Wano with Drake accompanying him.  