In the Flower Capital, Orochi is angered to hear that his attackers escaped despite the presence of Fukurokuju and the Orochi Oniwabanshu. Fukurokuju apologizes, but reveals that they did successfully capture Law, which he believes will cause the pirate alliance to fight amongst themselves. Fukurokuju then states that their samurai force, the Mimawarigumi, and more ninja are patrolling the streets vigilantly looking for the criminals, and an official puts up wanted posters, saying that anyone caught trying to help them or not trying to capture them would be immediately arrested. Sanji and Shinobu sit on a rooftop, and Shinobu states that although they would not escape danger by leaving the Flower Capital, they did accomplish their main task here by finding the people with crescent moon symbols on their ankles. Although Yasuies ploy did not result in them being released from prison, Sanji and Shinobu are still intent on breaking them out at all costs, and unbeknownst to them, the guards believe the prisoners to be innocent and Orochi to be delusional, although they are too afraid to publicly question the shogun. Sanji then notices some people making lanterns from afar, and Shinobu reveals that those are Sky Ships being made for the Fire Festival. Since the Fire Festival mourns those who have died, preparations are going strong due to the recent recognized deaths of Komurasaki and Yasuie. At the outskirts of the capital, Nami is relieved to see Bepo, Shachi, and Penguin freed from prison, and they claim they escaped through luck. Bepo then gives Nami the Kozuki Familys secret message, and she notices that Yasuie drew two lines on the snake to change the meaning for the prisoners. Nami decides to go tell Kinemon this, and heads toward Amigasa Village. Bepo then recalls how he and his two crewmates were freed. Hawkins had them released after Law threatened to kill the three of them just to kill Hawkins, and Law was imprisoned in return. Hawkins released Bepo, Shachi, and Penguins lives from his straw dolls, and Law told the three of them to not tell their allies about him being caught. However, in the present, the Heart Pirates are greatly concerned about their captain and decide to prioritize saving him over following the plan. In Ebisu Town, Kanjuro takes Yasuies body to give it a memorial service in Kuri, and he, Nami, and Franky ride off. Meanwhile, Usopp, Robin, and Brook are riding a boat to Kuri when they are stopped at a wharf for inspection. Usopp and Robin avoid recognition by distorting their faces, and the guards desire to let them through quickly due to fearing Brooks presence. As they sail on, Robin takes the sleeping Toko from Brook to give her warmth. Meanwhile, Ashura Doji takes Kinemons group to Kuris abandoned southwestern port, where he shows them several boats that Kaidou damaged during the first attack on Onigashima. He says that they should hold thousands of fighters, and Kinemon and Inuarashi are ecstatic as the former plans for Franky to repair them. On Onigashima, the Beasts Pirates race to make sweets for Big Mom, and frantically rush back and forth as she eats them at a fast rate. King, Queen, and Jack watch her during this, and Queen expresses his anger at King for his lack of thoroughness in attacking the Big Mom Pirates outside Wano. Jack in turn wonders why Queen brought her here, and Queen justifies this by revealing the communications in Udon were cut off. Big Mom then tells King that she will forgive him for attacking her if he joins her crew, as there are three races currently missing from Totto Lands population and he is a member of one of them. King refuses, and Big Mom asks for her chains to be removed, which Queen angrily rejects. However, Kaidou then arrives and orders for Big Mom to be released as he faces his former crewmate for the first time in many years. Kaidous subordinates try to find a way out of his command, but he affirms what he said and they remove Big Moms chains. Big Mom then activates Napoleons sword form as Napoleon refamiliarizes itself with her, and she and Kaidou engage in a clash so powerful it splits the heavens above the island. Everyone else is left in complete shock in terror, with many of them believing they need to flee Onigashima.  