In Ringo, Kawamatsu objects to Hiyoris offer for Zoro to receive her sword Enma. Hiyori tells Zoro that her father Oden used two swords in combat, and passed on Enma to her while he gave Ame no Habakiri to Momonosuke. Kawamatsu objects further, as he does not want a sword with such an honorable origin to be given to a man of unknown origin, and Zoro agrees to return Shusui in exchange for Enma, but asks to visit Ryumas grave, revealing he did battle the samurai; this causes Kawamatsu to think of him as completely delusional. The next day, with six days remaining until the battle on Onigashima, the samurai in the Rasetsu Town prison have yet to be released. However, Law has managed to subdue Hawkins, cutting him in half at the waist and cutting his hands off while also giving him significant injury. Law told Hawkins to reveal what happened to the pirate alliance between him, Kid, and Apoo. Hawkins said that Apoo had set them up, having been working for Kaidou since before the alliances formation. Kaidou had attempted to recruit the Supernovas into his crew to strengthen his army, and with a zero percent chance of winning or escaping, Hawkins decided to submit to him. Kid and Killer, on the other hand, chose to fight against the Emperor and did so until they collapsed. Hawkins assumes that Kaidou worked to break their spirits afterwards, while he and Orochi did whatever they wanted to the rest of their crew. Hawkins notes that Law and Luffy managed to get to Wano still on good terms, but wonders if Law has changed his mind. Law says that it is none of Hawkins concern as he slashes the Supernova and heads out of his cell. Outside of the cell stands the person who enabled Law to escape, and Law says that if him escaping is part of the persons grand plan, he will go along with it. The next day in the Prisoner Mines, Luffy trains to progress his Busoshoku Haki by attacking a steel wall. Hyogoro tells him to think about his defeat to Kaidou to increase the speed of his progression, and Luffy does so as the prisoners watch in awe as he hits the steel like it is jelly. In Amigasa Village, Kinemon contacts the Ship Repair Team in Port Itachi, the Weapons Prep Team in Udon, the Katana Retrieval Team in Ringo, and the Yakuza Rousing Team in Kibi to tell all of them that Yasuie altered the Kozuki Familys secret message by drawing two lines on the Habu snakes stomach. Nami is impressed that everyone understands what the alteration means, and asks Kinemon about it as she does not know herself. Kinemon explains that one can understand the alteration if they know the names of every port in Wano, which are all named after animals. By adding lines to the Habu snake, Yasuie gave it legs, thus making it resemble a lizard, the namesake of Port Tokage in Udon. Thus, Port Tokage will now be their meetup spot instead of Port Habu. The group around Kinemon and Nami, consisting of Zoro, Sanji, Robin, Brook, Momonosuke, Kanjuro, Raizo, Inuarashi, Kikunojo, Kawamatsu, Ashura Doji, Shinobu, and Hitetsu, praises Yasuies final actions and looks optimistically on their effort to recruit 5000 allies to fight Kaidou, with only Denjiro still missing among the Kozuki retainers. Kinemon then begins their strategy meeting. There are two methods of entering Wano: being pulled up the waterfall by the giant carp, or entering the cave behind the waterfall. At the end of the cave is Port Mogura, where people arriving will be pulled up to Hakumai via gondola. The second option is the only safe one, but a person can only get into the cave with Kaidou and Orochis permission. At the terminus of the gondola in Hakumai, Apoo reports to Kaidou that he has come to attend the Fire Festival banquet, as he is greatly looking forward to watching the annual Golden Kagura. As Apoo and a crewmate walk through Hakumai, they are joined by a massive hulking figure. A nearby child wonders what that is, and another child reveals that it is a Number, saying they will be eaten if it spots them. On Onigashima, King tells Queen that the Numbers have returned for the banquet, which Queen is not pleased about due to their drinking problems. Kaidou and Big Mom express their anticipation for the Fire Festival as they merrily laugh together, much to Queens confusion. They then reveal to Queen and King that they have formed a pirate alliance to take over the world, and will resume trying to kill each other after achieving their goal. This revelation is met with extreme shock.  