Back when Zoro and Kawamatsu were with Hiyori in Ringo, she told them that despite her worry for Toko, she would not go with them to meet everyone in order to avoid rousing their emotions. To Kawamatsus shock, she bows to them and encourages them to work with everyone else to protect Wano. In Amigasa Village in the present, Momonosuke and the present members of the Nine Red Scabbards besides Kawamatsu are overjoyed to hear that Hiyori is alive. Momonosuke thanks Zoro for protecting his sister, whom he still remembers as an energetic and physical six-year-old. Sanji is aghast realizing that the woman with Zoro was Hiyori, and tries to appease Momonosuke to try and get with her. Hitetsu then says that his preparations are complete, and Kikunojo gives him back Nidai Kitetsu which she obtained from Luffy in Udon. He then presents Odens two blades, Enma and Ame no Habakiri. Momonosuke says he is not yet ready to wield Ame no Habakiri, but Zoro takes Enma. Hitetsu warns him that only Oden has been able to tame the Meito, and tells him to try cutting down a nearby tree. Zoro swings Enma and ends up slicing off the entire cliff face, and his crewmates quickly become worried as the sword draws significant quantities of Busoshoku Haki from his arm. However, Zoro manages to bring the Haki back into his arm. Hitetsu commends him on taming the blade, saying an ordinary swordsman would instantly lose all their energy due to Enma forcing the user to use massive amounts of Busoshoku Haki. He asks Zoro if he wishes to keep the blade, which Zoro affirms. With three days remaining until the raid on Onigashima, Robin reveals that she found out in her investigation that the Beasts Pirates number around 20,000, while Orochi will have around 10,000 men escorting him. With the Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance only numbering around 4,000, Kinemon rules out a direct confrontation, and Ashura Doji says that they are at a disadvantage even with the blueprints to Kaidous mansion in their possession. In Port Itachi, Franky orders the workers to get enough ships in working order to hold 100,000 people, even though no one expects to have nearly that many people coming. In the Prisoner Mine, Luffy is in Gear 4 and uses Gomu Gomu no King Kong Gun with a normal-sized fist by projecting his Haki from it. The attack completely shatters the block, and Hyogoro says that he is using too much brute strength. Luffy says that that attack was not enough, appalling the people watching him. In the Bamboo Forest by Amigasa Village, Momonosuke tells Zoro while they are training that he was told not to say the word "Sunacchi", and Zoro tells him that he picked it up after hearing the older people in his home village using it. The next day, Luffy, Chopper, and Tama arrive at Amigasa Village. Meanwhile, the four regional yakuza bosses contact Kinemon to announce that they have recruited 200 more people. Kinemon mentions that he has yet to hear from Law, and Shinobu is fine with him not being with them, though Kinemon disagrees. A ninja reports from Rasetsu Town that there is no chance of freeing the prisoners there, and the prisoners are agonized that they will not be able to help in the raid. With everyone he can contact in position to move, Kinemon instructs all of them to prepare for the upcoming battle. The next day, Kinemons group heads out, and he bids farewell to Luffy until they reunite tomorrow. As many laborers slave away throughout Wano, rumors spread among them that the Kozuki Family has returned and is secretly planning a raid, although many of them have no hope that this will make a difference. Kinemons group, consisting of Momonosuke, Shinobu, and the seven Red Scabbards present, head across the wastelands toward Port Tokage. Nearby, the minks have erected graves for Yasuie and Pedro, and give their respects along with Robin and Toko. Hitetsu goes to check in on Zoros training, and reveals that he created Sandai Kitetsu. He then says that Zoro is getting used to Enma quickly because it was made by the same swordsmith as Wado Ichimonji. That swordsmith was named Shimotsuki Kozaburo, who left Wano illegally over 50 years ago. Hitetsu is confident that in Zoros possession, Enma will finally become a Black Blade. Meanwhile, Luffy successfully punches a hole through a tree by projecting his Haki, and in the Flower Capital, Orochi contacts the Prisoner Mine to see if everything is fine. After hearing affirmation, Orochi deems the report in his possession stating otherwise to be false, though does take note that the alliances meeting place has been changed to Port Tokage and that Hiyori is alive and hiding in the Northern Cemetery. On the day of the Fire Festival, Orochis procession heads out to Onigashima, and the war that will affect the fate of the entire world has begun as Act 2 of the Wano Country Arc concludes.  