With the Mountain God beginning to tear through the Flower Capital in search of its offspring, Kinemon desperately attempts to keep the small boar quiet. Oden asks Kinemon for the boar, though he refuses, as it is worth enough money for him to finally pay off his debts. Denjiro stands in awe of Odens presence, musing to himself that Oden is the one adult that he respects. Several citizens in the Flower Capital begin to correctly surmise that the Mountain God is attacking due to its child having been abducted, and resolve to search for it. The large creature continues devouring houses and people whole, even separating families. Bongo eventually locates Kinemon and the boar, and after the two exchange accusations for bringing chaos to the capital, Bongo explains that his friends were eaten for having the boars scent on their clothes. They had kidnapped O-Tsuru as payback for Kinemon stealing the boar from them originally, but they were pursued and eaten as they made their way down the mountain....O-Tsuru included. Realizing his culpability in the matter, Kinemon discards the boar without hesitation and rushes to face the beast head-on. As the Mountain God notices its childs scent on Kinemon and prepares to attack, the latter reflects on all the trouble he has put O-Tsuru through on his behalf. Demanding her back from the creature, Kinemon charges and manages to stab the Mountain God through the snout. It ultimately doesnt prove effective, and the beast shakes him off by crashing into some nearby buildings. Now bloodied, Kinemon defiantly rises to his feet to challenge it again, causing Oden to note that he has guts. Denjiro however warns him to stop, as the Mountain God again crashes him through several buildings. Unable to rise again this time, Kinemon professes that if O-Tsuru dies because of him, then hed like to die too.  As the Mountain God prepares to continue its rampage in search for its child, Oden holds the baby boar in the air and calls for its parents attention. The citizens see this and begin to blame Oden for the original mishap, which again reminds Kinemon of his responsibility in the days events. Oden mentions that he was just craving some boar stew, and as the creature approaches, he completely bisects it with "Oden Two Sword Style: Paradise Waterfall". The citizens look on in complete shock, with Hyogoro being noticeably impressed by Odens strength. Despite a quarter of the entire capitals population having been engulfed by the creature, there were miraculously no casualties. As citizens begin to reconnect with their loved ones, they appreciate how cool Oden looked defeating the creature, but lament at him causing the trouble to begin with. Kinemon prepares to announce that the incident was all his fault, but Oden throws a rock and knocks him out, telling him not to do anything stupid.  At this precise moment, a servant gives Oden the news that his father Sukiyaki, has disowned him. Oden takes the news in stride, asserting that the capital simply couldnt contain his greatness as he walks off. An 18-year old Oden leaves the Flower Capital, stating that he shall make his bed wherever the sun sets. O-Tsuru asks a sobbing Kinemon what is wrong, who states that he would happily die for a man like Oden. Denjiro agrees and runs off after Oden, causing the two to argue along the way about whose infatuation with the swordsman is greater.  After some time the group arrives in Hakumai, where they are greeted by an incredibly eager servant. Yasuie is quite unamused to see Oden after hearing of his banishment, and even more disappointed that hes attracted followers. The servant throws his body down over a puddle for Odens group to walk over him, prompting Oden to call him a creep. Yasuie mentions that this is his new servant, who humbly introduces himself as Orochi.  