In Oden Castle in Kuri, Kozuki Toki and her children, Momonosuke and Hiyori, dine as a servant tested Momonosukes meal for poison. Momonosuke questions why his life is targeted, and Toki explains that it is because he is the heir to the Kozuki Family. As the food is cleared for the family, Momonosuke asks his mother about his fathers execution, before beginning to tear up. In the Flower Capital, the execution of Kozuki Oden and the Nine Red Scabbards is about to commence, as a pot of boiling oil is set. As the citizens rush to the site, Oden is walking towards the pot while being watched by Kurozumi Orochi and Kaidou as the citizens comment on Odens crime. Oden stops and turns to ask Kaidou for a chance to be saved. A guard tries to hurry Oden, but slips and falls into the pot, and is immediately burned. Oden offers for the ten of them to enter the pot for a set amount of time, and those who survive are to be set free. Sure that the possibility of surviving is nonexistent, Kaidou grants Odens request, and has a clock set for one hour. As the onlookers watch intensely, Oden steps into the boiling pot and immediately screams in pain. As the Scabbards rush forward to join their master, Oden orders them to stand on a large wooden platform, which he uses to hold them over his head, saving his men from the torture. Orochi complains about the Scabbards not standing in the oil, but Kaidou enjoys the show and says they are in the pot as agreed. After a minute has passed, the spectators are amazed at Odens endurance. As four minutes have passed, the citizens start to complain about how long the execution takes, causing Shinobu to lash out at them, calling them fools. Shinobu then reveals the truth about Odens attack on Orochi five years ago. As he was protected behind Kurozumi Semimarus barrier, Orochi revealed that he went after the shogunate as revenge against all of Wano Countrys citizens for persecuting and hunting down the Kurozumi Family after his grandfathers acts of treason. As part of his revenge, Orochi kidnapped many citizens and held them in his castle. As Oden tried to attack once more, Kaidou stepped in to battle him, until Orochi offered him a choice: If Oden continued to fight them, more lives would be lost, but if Oden would humiliate himself by performing a weekly naked dance, 100 people would be spared. Oden agreed to the deal, and Orochi and Kaidou promised to leave Wano in five years. Oden also went to different regions to check if Orochi was true to his words. Shinobu finishes her story, as the citizens are shocked at the actions of the savior they called a fool.  