After a time in which Hiyori gave Denjiro money she acquired while working as Komurasaki, for him to give to the poor, he warned her about her actions, and asked her to place blood bags beneath her clothes. He explained that Orochi have developed feelings for her, and he wants to prepare her to when they would fake her death in order to escape Orochis eyes. A few months prior to the current time, as Kinemons group were brought to the present, Orochi had a meeting with Kaidou when he received the report of the groups arrival. As Orochi sent his men to watch the shores for their departure, Kaidou expressed his desire to capture them alive for questioning. Orochi then praised his spy, and revealed to Kaidou the spys history and how they met. The spys parents were part of a theater group, being killed before his eyes, due to their connection to the Kurozumi Family. Devastated, the boy wished to die, but was approached by Orochi, Semimaru, and Higurashi, the latter revealed they disposed of his parents killers for revenge. The boy then agreed to follow Orochi, was given a Devil Fruit, and ordered to pretend to be loyal to the Kozuki Family to the death while Orochi planned his revenge. Orochi then claimed that the spy would steal funds from Oden and gave it to Orochi, whenever he came to borrow money, and that that riches was the reason he and Kaidou are now working together. Orochi then claimed the spy was so determined to die while playing his role, even during Odens execution, revealing him to be one of the Nine Red Scabbards. Back in the present, the Scabbards set sail on their boat, and left Momonosuke in the care of Shinobu. Momonosuke bagged them to came back from their suicidal quest, but Kinemon, despite the 4,200 men he gathered failed to arrived, still had hopes in succeeding due to their small number. On the boat, the Scabbards began to wonder how their plans were foiled, and realized the spy may be one of them. Kinemon stated that by this point it does not matter who the spy is, to which Kikunojo disagreed and Kanjuro speaks up, wanting to clear everything. Kanjuro then revealed himself to be the spy, to the rest of the Scabbards shock and disbelief. Questioning this reveal, Kanjuro claimed he had no ill will towards them, he was just loyal to Orochi, revealing he is a member of the Kurozumi Family. Kanjuro proceed to tell them how he revealed their plot to Orochi, as three ships with the Beasts Pirates on board appear in their path. The pirates are quite surprised to see Orochi was correct on the Scabbards survival and came to pick up Kanjuro, and while he was distracted with their arrival, Kinemon beheaded him. Kanjuro however continued his monologue, revealing that the reason he is confessing now is Orochi gave him order to bring Momonosuke to Onigashima, and Kanjuro is revealed to be back on shore, holding Momonosuke, as his drawing fade from the boat. Suddenly, the Beasts Pirates ships are attacked as the Thousand Sunny emerges from the high waves. At the same time, the Scabbards boat is lifted from the water by the Polar Tang, and a second ship is attacked on the other side by the Victoria Punk. To the Scabbards shock, the Straw Hat, Heart, and Kid Pirates prepare to take on the Beasts Pirates on a sea battle fitting pirates.  