Kaidou yells at Black Maria to do the job he gave her and the rest of the Tobiroppo, but she tells him to relax because enough people are out looking for his son. Kaidou ultimately accepts her presence, especially on the day they can all let loose, something Orochi happily agrees with because he believes he finally eliminated the ghosts of the Kozuki Clan. Orochi tells Kaidou that Kanjuro will be over here soon along with the captains of the ships who he supposedly believes sank the Nine Red Scabbards. Kaidou looks forward, wondering if he accidentally killed him by mistake. He then says that if Kanjuro is so trustworthy and claims to have heard nothing, then he will believe Oden told him nothing about Laugh Tale. Suddenly, Kanjuro arrives beating up several Beasts Pirates and carrying an unconscious Momonosuke before Kaidou orders his men to stand down because he is Orochis ally. Kanjuro greets Orochi and admits he got lost trying to find him and several Beasts Pirates attacked him because they still thought he was the enemy, which he asks for forgiveness for. Orochi then notices Kanjuro carrying Momonosuke in his hands while also noticing his face looked badly beaten. Kanjuro reveals he attempted to flee from him so he beat him until he couldnt move, though he reassures them he can still breathe. Orochi laughs at how ruthless Kanjuro truly is for beating the heir to the Kozuki Clan close to death, but Kanjuro says that now his role as a retainer is over, he considers Momonosuke nothing more than a brat. Kaidou ends up recognizing Kanjuro and Momonosuke while noting that Momonosuke hasnt changed since the last time he saw him. Kanjuro flings Momonosuke to the ground saying he is not worthy of his fathers name as Black Maria picks him up and sympathetically says that Kanjuros actions were extremely cruel. Just before Orochi can offer Kanjuro a drink, Kanjuro reveals that the plan to stop the raid failed because he underestimated Kinemons tactical skills (despite it being pure luck). Orochi becomes nervous at the though that the samurai are on their way to Onigashima, but Fukurokuju jumps down from the ceiling and reports that not a single boat had been spotted at the port. He does reveal the three ships sent to handle them failed to return, and that Monkey D. Luffy, Roronoa Zoro, Eustass Kid, and Killer were spotted near the stage, with the possibility that their crews are on Onigashima as well. Orochi yells why he didnt say something earlier and Fukurokuju says Queen is handling the situation, so he felt it wasnt worth reporting. He also reveals that the samurai in question havent been spotted either. He concludes by saying that with the full force of their armies on Onigashima, there is no doubt Orochi will be perfectly safe. Black Maria tries to cheer Orochi up by pouring his drink, but Orochi is not convinced the samurai arent present on the island and wants them dead. Momonosuke wonders if everyone made it to the island just as Orochi grabs him off Black Marias lap. He sadistically says that he will crucify the leader of their enemies and kill the last remnant of the Kozuki Clan, which he feels will give him peace of mind. Off the coast of Onigashima, Inuarashi is informed that Nekomamushi and his men have finally arrived. Inuarashi yells at Nekomamushi at what took him so long but Nekomamushi says that it is okay because he still arrived in the end. Inuarashi informs him that they are on their way to northwestern tip of Onigashima before Nekomamushi hangs up. Kawamatsu expresses relief that Nekomamushi made it as Kikunojo wonders how big he got since she last saw him. Ashura Doji speaks up that they need to hurry to the entrance and Law says that his ship will allow them to bypass the ocean currents on the sides of the island. Raizo hopes Kinemon and Denjiro made it to the rear entrance and hope Momonosuke is alright. On board Nekomamushis ship, Marco is surprised that he arrived at the same time as Nekomamushi, making the message he gave him to deliver to Luffy completely pointless. Nekomamushi says he can toss the message while thanking him for joining them. Marco says that he liked Oden back then but word of Wano never made it out to sea, so he never guessed his home was in as much danger as he thought. They continue on their way as the message is revealed: Sorry if I am a little late, but Ill be there. At the southern armys position, Sasaki encounters Denjiro (still thinking he is Kyoshiro) and is surprised he came despite hearing otherwise, but Denjiro tells him to keep it secret. Denjiro asks why Sasaki left the party and he explains he is looking for Kaidous son. Suddenly, Denjiro has his men chain Sasaki to a tree and orders him gagged as Sasaki yells what he is doing. Denjiro reveals the mark of the Kozuki Clan on his back to Sasaki which shocks him, as he asks him if he knows anything about the history of Wano. Denjiro orders his men to split up into an assault force and an infiltration force. At Kinemons position, Chopper and Usopp are retreating from Big Mom in the Brachio Tank V as Kinemon and his men arise from the water expressing amazement that even though they are scared to death, they are leading Big Mom away so they can proceed, and the samurai thanks them as they continue on their way. Nami, Carrot, and Shinobu wonder if Usopp and Chopper with be okay before heading on their way as well, with Nami saying that there is nothing they can do to help Usopp and Chopper fend her off. They are then spotted by Prometheus, who recognizes Nami as the one who abducted Zeus. He then calls for Big Mom, which scares the three women. Within Kaidous keep, Ulti and Page One are searching for Yamato together, though Ulti starts getting on Page Ones nerves saying that she is tired and demands he give her a piggyback ride as she jumps on him. The two fall down the stairs and Ulti comes face-to-face with Luffy, with both asking what each one wants.  