At the rear entrance of Onigashima, Kanjuro impedes the Scabbards progression, claiming he was already convinced of their arrival due to knowing how persistent they are, despite the lack of evidence for an infiltration. Accompanying Kanjuro, there are Beasts Pirates and two decapitated horsemen created by his ability. On the opposite side, stand Inuarashi, Ashura Doji, Nekomamushi, Kikunojo, Izou, Kawamatsu and Raizo. Izou acknowledges the beheaded samurai, which Kanjuro created to mock the Scabbards. After Raizo demands Momonosukes release, Kanjuro tells them how the boy tried to escape by using a dagger, ending up cutting Kanjuros palm slightly. As a response, Kanjuro knocked Momonosuke unconscious with several punches, enough to later be surprised by the childs survival. Proceeding with his monologue, Kanjuro discloses Momonosukes imminent public execution. While Kanjuro speaks, Inuarashi and Nekomamushi pay attention to Nekomamushis new prosthetic gun instead. Kikunojo puts her mask on, now fully wearing her samurai outfit, and interrupts Kanjuros speech, claiming the wounds her katana provokes do not fade away in the afterlife, and as snow that remains in the spring, they will torment his soul for eternity. Kanjuro accepts the challenge and prepares for her onslaught. They clash, Kikunojos sword against Kanjuros giant ink brush. Subsequently, the Scabbards prepare to engage in combat with the Beasts Pirates. As they decimate their opponents, Nekomamushi observes that Inuarashis leg is now a sword, which Inuarashi promptly uses to cut his enemies. At the castle, Kaidous speech is about to start. Inside the ceiling, Yamato claims that, as Kozuki Oden, it logically follows that Luffy, as Aces brother, should give him a ride on his ship. Luffy contests his pretence to be Oden, infuriating Yamato, who then replies that perhaps Luffy is more Oden than him. This confuses Luffy, leading to Yamato explaining he cannot be Oden as long as he is not free, due to Kaidou imprisoning him inside Onigashima by putting explosive handcuffs on him at the age of eight. Yamato shows doubt in the explosive properties of the device, as the one who put them on him is his own father, but reveals the fear of that possibility kept him trapped. Straight away, Luffy offers to remove the shackles and asks if Yamato is ready to fight against his father. Yamato agrees to it and discloses his desire to do so comes from Kaidou beating him multiple times since childhood. The conversation is interrupted by Kaidous speech. Yamato and Luffy bend one of the ceilings slabs to watch the projection. Kaidou initiates by recognizing Whitebeards war two years ago has caused commotion in the world. He claims that the disbandment of the Seven Warlords means the World Government is confident their new force is capable of stopping them. As such, he has decided to ally with Big Mom to gather the Ancient Weapons. Hearing her name, Charlotte Linlin appears in courtesans clothes and with a newly created army of homies, with Prometheus on her left side and Zeus being held by her as a fan. Her rapid appearance throws some Beasts Pirates in the air and terrifies the rest. Nami and Carrot are subjugated by Big Mom; Robin and Jinbe notice them. Kaidou points out Big Moms tardiness, but she lively dismisses it, as she is on time. They continue their announcement, now shouting in unison that their objective is to claim the One Piece. Kaidou reveals they plan to create a world of violence with the Ancient Weapons. Orochi is pleased by the announcement. Luffy, on the other hand, is irritated, as the One Piece is what he plans to get. The second part of Kaidous speech is addressed at Orochis followers. As Wano is a land with waterfalls as natural defense, and with the populace of the Flower Capital as a labor force, Kaidou plans to expand the weapons factories and create a paradise for pirates. Orochi is outraged by this, claiming the Flower Capital is his territory and that he is allowing Kaidou to produce the weapons in the first place. Immediately, Kaidou grabs Kings sword and beheads Orochi. Commotion starts as the public sees Orochi falling, and Kaidou gives an ultimatum: in five seconds, Orochis followers must choose either to rebel or serve him. Kaidou reveals he has no interest in the countrys history and punches the cross where Momonosuke is tied to, bringing it to the attention of Luffy, who shouts for the boys name. As this happens, the ceiling breaks, causing Luffy and Yamato to fall into the Live Floor. Back at the rear entrance, Kikunojo is crying and her sword is dripping blood. In the castle, Kaidou shouts that he will create a pirate empire with Onigashima as the new Flower Capital and that Wano will cease to exist, renaming it New Onigashima, with his son Yamato as the next shogun. Yamato is infuriated at her fathers words and runs alongside Luffy to his location. Luffy is concerned about Momonosuke.  