As Kaidou is forced off of the Performance Stage by the Nine Red Scabbards, he remembers Kozuki Oden giving him his lone scar 20 years ago, and then recalls Odens execution where the samurai enabled his retainers to escape and warned Kaidou not to underestimate Wanos samurai. Kinemon manages to plunge his sword into Kaidous body, and the other Scabbards are able to quickly follow suit. The scar Kaidou got from Oden begins throbbing, and the Emperor begins screaming in pain as he realizes the Scabbards are using Odens Ryuo. After a long fall, the Scabbards and Kaidou crash into the ground, leaving a large crater. The Beasts Pirates nearby quickly rush to attack, but Hyogoros forces stand in their way as they cast aside their pirate disguises. As Big Mom looks on at the incident, Yamato goes with Luffy to the scene to help finish Kaidou off. However, Ulti finds Yamato again and attacks with a spiked club, which Yamato parries wielding the kanabo. Ulti says she will have revenge for Yamatos attack against her and wonders why Yamato would do something like that; Yamato replies that this is the day where he will fully become Kozuki Oden, which only confuses Ulti. The Beasts Pirates then call out to Yamato to inform him of the attack on Kaidou, but Yamato bluntly states that they are no longer allies and there will be no concern of Kaidous death. Big Mom then comes running toward Luffy, and when she does, Nami and Carrot quickly take the opportunity to respectively use the Clima-Tact and Electro to free themselves from the homies restraining them. Luffy is not pleased to see Big Mom due to being busy, and she states that she came here just to kill him. Meanwhile, Kaidou emerges from the floor with several stab wounds, but is not much worse for wear. He notes that Orochis paranoid ideas ended up being reality, with the Scabbards having been able to operate under the shadow of the Straw Hat Pirates. He says that pirates will betray them, though, and that the forces that the samurai have worked to gather will abandon them once it is clear they will lose, with Luffy already having lost to him once. However, Kinemon denounces Kaidous words as slander, saying that Luffy will one day stand at the pinnacle of the seas and no matter what happens, he will remain and achieve the promise of daybreak coming back to Wano. Back on the Performance Floor, Big Mom asks Luffy why he came here, being incredulous that he seriously intends to take on Kaidou. To his allies surprise, Luffy denies it, but then instead says that he came to defeat all of his enemies here in an all-out war. Big Mom and Queen quickly laugh at this, but Queen is then alerted to thousands of samurai invading through the rear entrance. These forces include the Rasetsu Town prisoners, Udon prisoners, the Heart Pirates, and even Marco and Perospero approaching the entrance. Queen orders all of the Beasts Pirates to grab their weapons, proclaiming that the party is over. Kaidou then shouts out from behind the stage, saying he accepts Luffys challenge. He proceeds to fly to the roof of the Skull Dome in his dragon form, and as the Scabbards hold onto his body to follow him up, Luffy tells Kinemon he will catch up with them later. Kaidou faces off with the Scabbards on the Dome Roof, saying he has sobered up and that a battle in open space is best, just like their last one, although now Oden is dead. However, Nekomamushi replies that there is another difference between that day and now, as since they anticipated Kaidou intending to fight outdoors, they have brought the forces of the Mink Tribe with them. Nekomamushi then gazes at the full moon, beginning to activate Sulong.  