As a distressed Napoleon calls out to the fallen Big Mom, Nami thanks Franky for saving her and Jinbe asks Robin to help him out. With Big Mom out of the way, Luffy resumes heading to the dome roof, and upon seeing Shinobu and Momonosuke running away from Yamato, Luffy assures them that Yamato is an ally. However, the duo are aghast when Yamato claims to be Oden, causing Shinobu to throw a smoke bomb to escape. Big Mom quickly gets up, and the Beasts Pirates start running away with the fear that she will soon rampage; Hyogoro and Yatappe then decide to leave the low-level pirate hordes and go after the Tobiroppo, if only to slow them down. Big Mom recognizes Brook, and Franky introduces himself to her. Nami tells Franky to retreat, as Big Mom is an Emperor of the Sea, but Franky scoffs at that as they are the crew of the future Pirate King. Franky prepares to fire a Radical Beam at Big Mom, but is then distracted by three Numbers rampaging behind him.  Big Mom is excited to see the Numbers, which she reveals to be failed recreations of the Ancient Giants from Punk Hazard. Franky notices that the central Number, Jaki, is holding the Brachio Tank V in his hand, and promptly fires the Radical Beam in Jakis face, sending him flying back and forcing him to let go of the tank. With Frankys back now turned on her, Big Mom attempts to strike him with Napoleon. However, Jinbe proceeds to jump up and grab her outstretched arm, pulling it behind her to flip her over. Big Mom is sent tumbling onto two rows of arms generated from the floor by Robin, and Robin sends her spinning all the way over the ledge to a lower level. Their attacks success makes Jinbe and Robin happy, though Jinbe knows it has only made Big Mom angrier. Franky contacts Usopp and Chopper inside the Brachio Tank, and Chopper pulls Usopp out of his scared stupor as the duo excitedly find out that it is time to dock. Meanwhile, Luffy has made it up to the Performance Stage where Queen is and prepares to pull himself up to the dome roof. Right then, Zoro appears next to Queen onstage, and when Luffy tells him he is going to fight Kaidou, Zoro grabs his feet to accompany him up. However, Queen quickly transforms into his brachiosaurus form and grabs Luffy and Zoro in midair with his mouth. King and several winged SMILE users then appear in the air above Queen, cutting off any chance of Luffy and Zoro making it to the roof. Queen spits out the two pirates down to the ground far below. On the ground, Usopp and Chopper are ejected from the Brachio Tank in order for it to dock with General Franky, while Sanji emerges from the wreckage of Kings attack with his Raid Suit having held up. As the Straw Hats gather all together, Hyogoro states that although the alliance is surrounded by enemies on all sides, he cannot imagine losing. Luffy tells his crew to back him up as he makes another attempt to get up to the dome roof.  