A group of Beasts Pirates members found Sasaki. The lackeys told him that the battle inside the Skull Dome has already begun. Sasaki wonders how Big Mom destroyed the tree that restrained him. He also told that Kyoshiro betrayed him, as well as his affiliation to Odens Scabbards. He was also told that the battle between Kaidous group and the Scabbard-led group has already begun. At the top of the Skull Dome, the battle continues between Kaidous group and the Scabbard-led group, with the minks fighting in their Sulong forms. While the minks combined forces have beaten a number of opponents, Jack and his mammoth form overpowers them. Kinemon prepares to join the fight but Inuarashi and Nekomamushi prevent the rest of the Scabbards from doing so. The two then transform into their Sulong forms. On the balcony of Kaidous Castle, Queen notes that all the prisoners from the Prisoner Mine have escaped. King then bullies Queen for not being able to stop the mass breakout from happening. Queen then wonders if the prisoners threatened Babanuki into saying that the breakout did not happen. King contacts the Tobiroppo through the Den Den Mushi. Meanwhile in one of the rooms inside the castle, X Drake tells Basil Hawkins that Onigashima is in chaos and that this is the best time for anyone to turncoat. Hawkins then replies that he does not need to. He also tells Drake that theres only a one percent chance that an unnamed person survives until tomorrow. Drake then picks up the Den Den Mushi. After picking up, King tells all the Tobiroppo that Onigashima is being intruded by 5,000 people. In comparison, their forces are at 30,000. He then cancels their opportunity to challenge the All Stars after capturing Yamato. Somewhere within the Live Floor, Ulti reacts to the announcement. Page One tells her that it should be expected. Ulti then asks Page One to give her another piggyback ride after seeing Yamato climb up a wall, much to Page Ones dismay. King then tells all the Tobiroppo to prevent the intruding alliance from entering the roof of the Skull Dome. Meanwhile, Whos-Who invites Drake to come with him to meet with Queen to find out who he wants to eliminate. On the Live Floor, the Udon prison escapees and Denjiros Yakuza team clash with members of the Beasts Pirates, Mimawarigumi and the Orochi Oniwabanshu. The escapees and the Yakuza tell the Straw Hats not to waste their energy on the lackeys and focus on getting to the castle. However the Numbers notice them. Zoro slices a Numbers mace while Jinbe prevents it from crushing them and their allies. Luffy notes that the two Numbers are somewhat similar to Oars, which the Straw Hats barely managed to beat together back in Thriller Bark. He then transforms to Gear 4. Hyogoro notices that his form looks like a Myōō. Just before Luffy delivers his attack, Drake has been beaten by Whos-Who and Queen after meeting the latter. He was questioned by Hawkins about his objectives, especially with freeing Law. Drake realizes that all three of them wanted to kill him. But before the three can retrieve more information about his intents and dispose of him, Drake manages to escape by destroying one of the castle windows and jumping to the Live Floor. Before he manages to land, he attacks Juki with his saber and four-bladed axe in his hands. At the same time, Luffy delivers his attack. After beating the Numbers, X Drake expresses his intent to fight alongside Luffy.  