On the third floor, Sanji continues to hear what he believes is a woman in danger. He runs up the stairs to see the silhouettes of a man untying the kimono of a woman despite her pleas not to. Sanji becomes worried he is witnessing sexual harassment and rushes to save the woman from losing her virginity. When he kicks down the door, however, he finds himself stuck in a spiders web, as it is revealed the man and woman were merely setting him up for a trap. The two proceed to kick him in the face before completely tying him up. Sanji is then brought forth to Black Maria as he demands he be freed. Black Maria refuses to let Sanji turn her banquet into a battlefield, though she says she finds him charming. She asks if he likes her and he, in turn, answers that he loves her, becoming completely lovestruck. Elsewhere on the third floor, Luffy asks Jinbe where Sanji is, and Jinbe answers that he does not know. Meanwhile, two Shinuchi named Mizerka and Poker, who ate a SMILE that gives them the appearances of a gorilla and rattlesnake, respectively, are informed that Luffy and Jinbe are on their way to the stairs, where the two are currently stationed. Poker becomes excited, believing that if he and Mizerka can stop them, not only will it make up for Eustass Kid making it past them, but he believes it may promote him to Tobiroppo. Unfortunately for them, the former prisoners of Udon provide Luffy and Jinbe with a hand-made ladder to reach the fourth floor instead, which they accept. On the Live Floor, Big Mom manages to reach the rooftop, but Zoro notices something fall out of the hole. After he sees it hit the ground, he looks around seeing the continued chase for Scratchmen Apoo for the Ice Oni antidote, as well as noticing Omasa completely becoming an Oni and Chopper starting to change himself. X Drake is still fighting Apoo, but in a split second Zoro defeats Apoo and claims the antidote. He immediately hands it to Chopper and asks if he can handle the floor now, which he confirms. Chopper then announces to everyone that he figured out how the virus works: Ice Oni is fused with a gas that chills the body, so everyone needs to use fire to stop the chilling. He declares he will make enough antibodies for everyone, friend and foe alike. Queen sees this and prepares to blast Chopper and Apoo for failing to hold on to the antidote. His gun, however, is destroyed by Zoro, who angrily tells Queen he did not come all the way to the island to waste time on his stupid game, but to cut down Kaidou, the strongest man in the world. The ground suddenly starts to shake and Brook asks Zoro if this is his Haoshoku Haki which he immediately denies. Robin says to Zoro that she understands how he feels because she too saw what fell through the hole earlier: Kikunojos severed arm. Zoro wishes he could fly up into the hole but King and Queen will not make it easy just as Marco flies in asking the crew if they need help with anything. The shaking ground continues to be felt throughout the island and even outside, as the Heart Pirates become unable to reach the island and aid in the fight. Black Maria says that he is extremely impatient. At the port area outside the dome, Yamato successfully exits the castle carrying Shinobu and Momonosuke, but when they get to the port, they find no ships available to reach Wano. Yamato realizes they were too late as Momonosuke asks what they are talking about. Yamato explains that dragons have the power to fly through the air with flame clouds, which means that as of right now, Kaidou is levitating the entire island to move it to the Flower Capital. As for Kaidou, he declares that the Kozuki are finished and with Wano as "New Onigashima" functioning as a pirate stronghold, the world of violence has begun.  